---
title: "AI与失业 - 视频逐字稿报告"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-05-25"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: ""
  guest: "" 
  source: ""
---

<div class="container">

# AI与失业 - 视频逐字稿报告

主讲人：秋叶2046

<div class="copy-button-container">

一键复制为 Markdown



<div id="transcript-content">

## 开场白与引入

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span> 你好啊朋友们。

(English Translation): Hello there.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span> 今天，聊个大的。

(English Translation): Today, AI and unemployment.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
我们的工作到底会不会被AI取代？三百百万的岗位，人工智能可以取代。坏消息，700，1500个岗位。AI将能完成一切。

(English Translation): Our jobs, will they really be taken by AI? Three
hundreds of millions of jobs, found AI could replace. The bad news, 700,
fifteen hundreds jobs. The AI will be able to do everything.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
当然，更血淋淋的是身边的事。大家动辄一年半载的空窗期，朋友圈里都能看到的N+1，劳动仲裁案，年轻人也都越来越了解失业保险了。大家都焦虑，非常合理啊。

(English Translation): Of course, what's even more stark are the things
happening around us. People often face career gaps of a year or half a
year. The N+1 severance packages seen on social media, labor arbitration
cases, young people are also becoming more familiar with unemployment
insurance. Everyone is very anxious, it's perfectly reasonable.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
在几年前，我刚刚看到ChatGPT的时候，就焦虑地狠狠地花了一段时间来查和想这个问题。一直也有不少亲朋好友跟我讨论这个问题，但我推荐他们的书和文章，他们最后都没看。所以呢，我只能把这个故事打包打包，带大家来一场穿越时空的失业之旅。

(English Translation): A few years ago, when I first saw ChatGPT, I
anxiously spent a lot of time researching and thinking about this issue.
Many friends and relatives have discussed this issue with me, but the
books and articles I recommended, they never ended up reading. So, I can
only take this story, pack it up, and take you on a journey through time
and space, an unemployment journey.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
来看看几百年之间，因为技术的冲击，被端掉饭碗的人类们。

(English Translation): Let's look at how over centuries, due to
technological impact, humans had their livelihoods taken away.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span> 朋友们，准备好了吗？发车！

(English Translation): Friends, are you ready? Let's go!



## Part I: 历史的回响

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
1812年，在英国诺丁汉郡的宁静冬夜，托马斯是这里的一名熟练纺织工匠，正如他的父亲以及他父亲的父亲一样。每天早上，他都会在阳光刚刚升起的时候走进自己的工作室，伴随着梭子的节奏，度过一整天。

(English Translation): On a quiet winter night in 1812 in
Nottinghamshire, England, Thomas was a skilled textile artisan here,
just like his father and his father's father. Every morning, he would
walk into his workshop just as the sun rose, spending the whole day to
the rhythm of the shuttle.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
这个世界运转的节奏缓慢而可预测。纺织匠、铁匠、木匠，男耕女织，日出而作，日落而息。世界美好的就像唐顿庄园里的景象一样。

(English Translation): The rhythm of this world was slow and
predictable. Weavers, blacksmiths, carpenters, men tilled, women weaved,
worked from sunrise, rested at sunset. The world was beautiful, just
like a scene from Downton Abbey.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
然而，一个叫瓦特的改良了蒸汽机，阿克莱特发明了水力纺纱机，卡特莱特还来了个动力织布机。新的工厂开始建起来了，黑色的烟囱直插云霄，机器咔嚓咔嚓的响着。英国的著名作家狄更斯就在《双城记》里写道：“那是最好的时代，也是最坏的时代”。

(English Translation): However, a man named Watt improved the steam
engine, Arkwright invented the water frame, Cartwright even came up with
the power loom. New factories began to be built, black chimneys pierced
the sky, machines clattered and clanked. The famous British writer
Dickens wrote in A Tale of Two Cities, "It was the best of times, it was
the worst of times."



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
前面省略富二代，我拿脚往里踹。（BEEP）

(English Translation): Ahead \*\*\*\* rich kids, I kick my foot in.
(BEEP)



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
串台了，不好意思，串台了。反正呢，狄更斯说的最好的时代，是因为工业革命带来了生产力的爆炸，而最坏的时代，就是指这些普通人，因为失业而导致的大面积贫穷。

(English Translation): Got off topic, sorry, got off topic. Anyway, what
Dickens called the best of times was because the Industrial Revolution
brought an explosion in productivity. And the worst of times referred to
these ordinary people, and the resulting unemployment, leading to
widespread poverty.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
就在这种绝望之下，一场著名的工人运动爆发了，也就是大家可能都听说过的卢德运动。被机器抢了饭碗的熟练工人们聚集在一起，蒙面潜进工厂，用锤子和斧头去砸毁那些让他们失业的机器。

(English Translation): Under this desperation, a famous workers'
movement erupted, which many of you may have heard of, the Luddite
movement. Skilled workers whose jobs were taken by machines gathered
together, masked they snuck into factories, with hammers and axes to
destroy the machines that made them unemployed.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
这些人呢，也被称之为“卢德分子”。乍一听起来，这些人好像很激进。所以呢，现在也有人用卢德主义当成贬义词，来指一些反对AI的人，反对技术的人。

(English Translation): These people were also known as "Luddites". At
first glance, these people might seem very radical. So now, some people
use Luddism as a derogatory term to refer to those who oppose AI, who
oppose technology.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
但是啊，我们也不能把卢德分子单纯地看作反技术的落后人士。他们在成为卢德分子之前，也只是一个勤奋的手工匠人。经历过跟老板谈判没用，找政府请愿被无视，最后他们去砸机器，也并不是恨这些机器，他们是恨这些机器的背后，工厂主为了利益对他们无情的压榨，以及政府为了当时殖民的武器、资源的倾销，对他们狠心的抛弃。

(English Translation): But we can't simply view Luddites as merely
anti-technology backward individuals. Before becoming Luddites, they
were just diligent artisans. They experienced failed negotiations with
bosses, and petitions to the government being ignored. Finally, when
they smashed machines, it wasn't that they hated the machines. They
hated what was behind the machines: factory owners pursuing profit,
their ruthless exploitation of them, and the government, for the sake of
colonial weapons and resource dumping, their heartless abandonment of
them.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
当然，他们这样的方式并没有阻止机器对他们的替代。很多工人直接倒在了警卫的枪下，死在了绞刑架上。那个时候弄坏一台织布机就会被判死罪。

(English Translation): Of course, their methods did not stop the
machines from replacing them. Many workers fell to the guards' bullets,
died on the gallows. At that time, damaging a loom was a capital
offense.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那在这种政府的强压下，打砸运动是停止了。然而普通人的苦难并没有结束。大多数人深陷贫苦的痛苦，持续了几十年，也被经济学家称之为恩格斯停顿。

(English Translation): Under such government pressure, the smashing
movements stopped. However, the suffering of ordinary people did not
end. Most people were mired in deep poverty for decades. This period was
called by economists Engels' Pause.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
工厂生产的产品越来越多，资本家的钱越赚越多，但是工匠们一辈子练就的手艺变得一文不值。工人们的工资几十年了都没有涨，还在倒退。大量的人吃不饱饭，生病了没有人治，大量几岁的童工，就在全是污水的工厂里，一天十几个小时的工作。

(English Translation): Factories produced more and more goods,
capitalists made more and more money, but the artisans' lifelong honed
skills became worthless. Workers' wages hadn't risen in decades and were
even declining. Large numbers of people couldn't get enough to eat. If
they got sick, there was no treatment. Many young child laborers, in
factories filled with sewage, worked more than ten hours a day.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那理解了这些，我们也就能理解，为什么技术的进步并不总是都受欢迎的了。

(English Translation): Understanding this, we can also understand why
technological progress is not always welcomed.



## Part II: 赋能型 vs 取代型 技术

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
《技术陷阱》里面提到一个很重要，也很有意思的观点，他认为技术是否导致大面积失业，关键在于技术的性质。他把技术大致分成了两类：“取代型技术”和“赋能型技术”。

(English Translation): "The Technology Trap" mentions a very important
and interesting point. It argues that whether technology leads to
widespread unemployment depends crucially on the nature of the
technology. It divides technology roughly into two categories:
"Displacement-type technology" and "enabling-type technology."



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
取代型技术好理解，干的呢是老的事情，用的呢是新的技术手段，用技术的手段来解决那些由人工完成的工作。它的核心逻辑就是四个字：降本增效。

(English Translation): Displacement-type technology is easy to
understand. It does old things, using new technological means. Using
technology to handle tasks previously done by humans. Its core logic is
four words (in Chinese): Reduce costs, increase efficiency.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那最典型的，就是咱们刚才才说的动力织布机。原来需要熟练的工匠来干的活，现在一个新手加上机器就搞定了，效率还暴增了几十上百倍。那取代型技术的特点，就是直接把人的技能变得不值钱。

(English Translation): The most typical example is what we just talked
about, the power loom. Work that originally required skilled artisans
can now be done by a novice plus a machine, and efficiency increases
tens or hundreds of times. The characteristic of displacement-type
technology is that it directly devalues human skills.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
短期看来的取代型技术，会让拥有资本的人马上受益，而普通的劳动者往往可能得熬过非常漫长的阵痛期，才能看到一点间接的好处。

(English Translation): In the short term, displacement-type technology
will immediately benefit those with capital, while ordinary laborers may
have to endure a very long painful period before seeing any indirect
benefits.



### 赋能型技术是什么

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那赋能型技术，它就不太一样了。顾名思义，它并不是直接取代人的劳动，而是让人的能力变得更强，创造出原本没有的新价值。它同时满足一个条件，是由于这个技术的出现，会发明一些过去没有的产业。这个新的产业需要有大量的劳动力投进来。

(English Translation): Enabling-type technology is quite different. As
the name suggests, it doesn't directly replace human labor, but rather
makes human capabilities stronger, creating new value that didn't exist
before. It also meets a condition that due to the emergence of this
technology, new industries that didn't exist before are invented. This
new industry requires a large amount of labor input.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
比如说，电力的普及，让人在晚上也可以干活、学习、娱乐了。同时还催生了电话、电视、电影等等一系列原来没有的产业。它的总体特征还是会创造出新事物，同时创造大量新的就业机会。

(English Translation): For example, the popularization of electricity
allowed people to also work at night, study, and be entertained. It also
gave rise to telephones, movies, and a series of other industries that
didn't exist before. Its overall characteristic is still that it creates
new things, while also creating many new job opportunities.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
所以一个时代到底是好还是坏，很大程度上取决于主流的技术发展到底是取代型居多，还是赋能型居多。

(English Translation): So whether an era is good or bad largely depends
on whether mainstream technological development is predominantly
displacement-type or predominantly enabling-type.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
虽然大概率现实中很多的技术，它会同时具备取代型特征和赋能型的特征，所以呢就得看哪个方面更加明显，更加突出一点了。

(English Translation): Although, most likely many technologies in
reality will simultaneously possess displacement-type and enabling-type
characteristics. So it depends on which aspect is more obvious, more
prominent.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
不过我们最起码知道了，由赋能型技术为主导的情况，事情是会往好的方向发展的。

(English Translation): But at least we know that when enabling-type
technology is dominant, things will develop in a good direction.



## Part III: 起伏的浪潮

### 从“黄金年代”到信息时代

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
例如说，后工业革命时代的黄金年代。二战结束后的三四十年间，欧美国家过得非常滋润。后来被他们称为黄金时代。

(English Translation): For example, in the post-Industrial Revolution
era, the Golden Age. For three to four decades after World War II,
European and American countries lived very comfortably. Later, this
period was called the Golden Age.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
不知道大家小时候看欧美国家的那些老电影、影视作品的时候，是不是像我一样，我当时就非常惊讶。什么？这个片子是六七十年代拍的，怎么他们那个时候的房子这么好，还有吸尘器什么的。而且那个年代的人就已经在讨论这么风花雪月的事了吗？生活这么滋润。哎呀当时就非常惊讶。

(English Translation): I wonder if when you were kids, watching those
old European and American movies and TV shows, you felt the same way I
did. I was very surprised at the time. What? This film was made in the
60s or 70s? How come their houses back then were so nice? They even had
vacuum cleaners and stuff. And people of that era were already
discussing such romantic and poetic things? Living such comfortable
lives. I was very surprised at the time.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那实际上数据也显示，1960年的美国，一个普通汽车工人的收入就能达到6000美元左右。现在听起来可能觉得不多啥，但是当时是平均房价的三分之一到一半，所以普通的一个工人就可以买得起房，养得起车，孩子上学不愁钱。所以也有了只要肯努力工作，就能实现美好生活的美国梦。

(English Translation): Well, data actually shows, in the US in 1960, an
ordinary auto worker's income could reach around 6,000 US dollars. It
might not sound like much now, but at the time, it was one-third to
one-half of the average house price. So an ordinary worker could afford
a house, afford a car, and not worry about money for their children's
education. So there was this idea that as long as you worked hard, you
could achieve a good life, the American Dream.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那背后的原因也就是那个时代的主流技术几乎全是赋能型的。电力、汽车、家用电器，这些技术的出现只是少量的取代了一些什么马车夫啊、蜡烛什么的吧，但是却真实的创造出了一堆根本没有想到的新岗位。比如汽车行业，不光是汽车工厂的岗位，钢铁厂、橡胶厂、玻璃厂、维修店、加油站，甚至是小餐馆、服务业都被带动了起来。那大多数的普通人都分享到了技术和经济增长的红利。财富的分配在当时也可以说是相对公平的，中产阶级越来越壮大，所有的人普遍都对未来充满了信心。

(English Translation): The reason behind this was that the mainstream
technologies of that era were almost all empowering. Electricity, cars,
home appliances. The emergence of these technologies only replaced a few
things like carriage drivers and candles and such, but they genuinely
created a host of previously unimaginable new jobs. For example, the
auto industry, it wasn't just jobs in car factories; steel plants,
rubber factories, glass factories, repair shops, gas stations, and even
small restaurants and the service industry were all boosted. So most
ordinary people shared in the benefits of technological and economic
growth. Wealth distribution could be said to be relatively fair at that
time. The middle class was growing stronger. Everyone generally was full
of confidence in the future.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
但是黄金年代不可能一直单曲循环。上世纪80年代，计算机和互联网就登场了。我们的父母辈或者我们小时候学个五笔啊，懂点PS啊，用软件做个图纸啊，杀个毒啊，修修电脑啊，那样的人在办公室肯定是技术大牛了。

(English Translation): But the golden age couldn't last forever. In the
1980s, computers and the internet made their debut. Our parents'
generation, or when we were young, learning Wubi input, knowing a bit of
Photoshop, using software to make drawings, fixing computers, people
like that were definitely the tech gurus in the office.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那回到计算机刚刚出现，它的确没有大规模的去抢谁的饭碗，同样是描绘出了一个无限可能的未来。现在我们能看到的那些互联网巨头们，在当时一个个在厚厚的电脑面前畅想，想创建一个从来没有的美好世界。那同时很快，互联网也来了。电商平台让租不起门面的小商贩也能把自己的货卖到几千里之外。原来只要去花钱发表的东西，一篇博客、论坛、网络读物，就能让千千万万的人看到你的才华和文字。什么程序员、网站设计师、SEO专家、数据分析师，这些过去都没听说过的职业，让大量的人拿了高薪，创造出了一大批中产。这都还是某种程度的黄金时代。

(English Translation): Now, going back to when computers first appeared,
they indeed didn't massively take away anyone's job. They also painted a
picture of a future with infinite possibilities. Those internet giants
we see today, back then, one by one, in front of thick computers, they
envisioned creating a wonderful world that never existed before. And
then very quickly, the internet also arrived. E-commerce platforms
allowed small vendors who couldn't afford storefronts to sell their
goods thousands of kilometers away. Originally, things you had to pay to
publish, a blog post, forum, online reading material, could let tens of
thousands of people see your talent and writing. Programmers, website
designers, SEO experts, data analysts, these professions unheard of in
the past, allowed a large number of people to earn high salaries,
creating a large middle class. This was still, to some extent, a golden
age.



### 移动互联网的盛宴与焦虑 (2010-2020)

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
然而移动互联网也紧跟着来了。看似更加黄金的时代，更加赋能的技术，带来了什么？首先大量的薪型就业，你看，我们点一顿外卖，背后都有算法工程师编写的推荐算法，让你在短视频里刷到了这个新的餐饮公司，请的短视频运营公司，在拍的网红烤肉短视频，再跳转到外卖平台，被外卖小哥送过来的，又送过来的一个互联网本地生活产品。这才一顿饭呀，放十几年前，谁能想到一顿饭还能让这么多人有了就业？开网约车，做自媒体，搞知识付费，好像只要你有点啥技能，或者愿意努力，你总能找到变现的门路。

(English Translation): However, the mobile internet quickly followed. A
seemingly even more golden era, even more empowering technology, what
did it bring? First, a lot of new types of employment. Look, when we
order takeout, behind it are recommendation algorithms written by
algorithm engineers, that made you swipe to this new catering company in
a short video, hired a short video operations company to shoot a viral
BBQ short video, then it jumps to the food delivery platform, delivered
by a delivery person, another internet-based local life product
delivered. This is just one meal. Ten years ago, who would have thought
one meal could create jobs for so many people? Driving for ride-hailing
services, doing self-media, creating paid knowledge content. It seems if
you have any skill or are willing to work hard, you can always find a
way to monetize it.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
但是，你以前经常光顾的街边小店已经倒闭了。早起来摆摊的菜农，已经不如平台便宜了。一部分人的新机会和赋能，也是另一部分人的替代和不得不重新找出路。只是更让人困惑的是，这些出路，也不那么像是出路？骑手被困在系统里，消费者被困在信息茧房里，主播被困在算法里，大厂打工人被困在KPI里。完成了跃迁的，怎么好像只有那些公司估值高到吓人的技术新贵？

(English Translation): But the small neighborhood shop you used to
frequent has already closed down. The vegetable farmers who set up
stalls early in the morning are no longer cheaper than the platforms.
New opportunities and empowerment for some also mean replacement for
others and the need to find new paths. What's more confusing is, these
new paths don't quite seem like solutions either. Riders are trapped in
the system, consumers are trapped in filter bubbles, streamers are
trapped by algorithms, big tech employees are trapped by KPIs. Those who
have made a leap seem to only be those company valuations that are
frighteningly high, the new tech elite.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
这是除了替代型和赋能型技术外的，又一困境：技术红利集中化。这些技术进步的好处，新增的财富，都集中到了少数的大平台，大公司手里了。2021年，全球最富有的10%的人群占据了76%的社会财富，而超过一半的人口却只有不到2%的社会总财富。总之呢，我们会发现，赋能型技术也并不总是绝对的，带来皆大欢喜的结果。

(English Translation): This is, apart from substitutive and empowering
technologies, another dilemma: the centralization of technological
benefits. The benefits of these technological advancements, the newly
created wealth, are all concentrated in the hands of a few large
platforms and big companies. In 2021, the wealthiest 10% of the global
population owned 76% of social wealth, while more than half of the
population had less than 2% of the total social wealth. In short, we
find that empowering technology doesn't always absolutely lead to a
win-win outcome for everyone.



### AI时代的新挑战

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那AI时代会是怎么样呢？AI时代比过去多出来的特殊挑战是什么呢？第一，快。想想蒸汽机、电力，甚至互联网的普及，都花了这几十年甚至上百年的时间。整个过程，社会制度啊，教育啊，各行各业，都好歹有个反应和调整的时间。但AI的发展和变化就像坐火箭，一周没有个大模型的更新，都已经算淡季了。快的让人应接不暇，动不动就有大佬喊着明年要AGI了。

(English Translation): So what will the AI era be like? What are the
special challenges it brings compared to the past? First, fast
development. Think about the steam engine, electricity, even the
popularization of the internet, all took decades or even hundreds of
years. Social systems, education, all industries had at least some time
to react and adjust. But AI's development and changes are like a rocket.
A week without a major model update is already considered a slow period.
It's dizzyingly fast. Frequently, you hear big shots claiming AGI is
coming next year.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
第二，广。以前的技术革命，主要冲击的可能是体力劳动，或者是那些重复性特别强的脑力劳动。大家多少还能估算出一个安全区吧，那我去学什么技术含量高的，或者文职工作之类的。但这次AI的胃口就大了，我们原本以为AI会先替代一些繁琐的机械化劳动，但你看现在，画画、写代码、做设计、写文案，甚至还能搞科研、做数学，而且你感觉说不好，哪天就拓展到什么新职业。AI就像在对整个就业市场的无差别攻击。

(English Translation): Second, wide range of coverage. Previous
technological revolutions mainly impacted manual labor, or those highly
repetitive mental tasks. People could somewhat estimate a safety zone.
So I'll learn something highly technical, or clerical work, and so on.
But this time, AI's appetite is much bigger. We originally thought AI
would first replace some tedious, mechanical labor, but look now:
painting, writing code, doing design, writing copy, it can even do
scientific research, mathematics. And you feel like you can't tell when
it might expand to some new profession. AI is like launching an
indiscriminate attack on the entire job market.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
第三，整个社会叙事都乏力了。社会叙事是什么意思啊？就是当有一个重大的社会变革、技术变革，都得要伴随一个强有力的叙事和目标，来把大家都团结在一起，为了这一个共同的美好目标去努力。我们虽然能够看到AI应该是有着某种巨大潜力的，比如攻克癌症、研发新药、延长人的寿命、更公平的教育和信息，给每个人更周到与定制化的服务。但我们现在还没有看到一个广泛接受的，关于AI时代普通人美好生活的具体愿景。

(English Translation): Third, weakness of social narrative. What does
"social narrative" mean? It means when there's a major social change,
technological change, it must be accompanied by a strong narrative and
goal to unite everyone, to work towards this common, beautiful goal.
Although we can see AI should have some kind of huge potential, for
example, curing cancer, develop new drugs, extend human life, more
equitable education and information, more thoughtful and customized
services. But we haven't yet seen a widely accepted, specific vision for
a good life for ordinary people in the AI era.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
可能现在更多看到的还是精英叙事和大众叙事的分裂。一边精英高喊着AGI是人类最伟大的事业，另一边企业追逐AI的过程中，优先考虑降本增效，AI竞赛，那结果都重重地压在了普通人的头上，让普通人感受到了生存受到威胁。

(English Translation): Perhaps what we see more now is a split between
elite narrative and popular narrative. On one hand, elites are shouting
AGI is humanity's greatest endeavor. On the other hand, as companies
chase AI, they prioritize cost reduction and efficiency increase, the AI
race. All weigh heavily on ordinary people, making ordinary people feel
their survival is threatened.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
第四重，AI技术本身的特殊性。那跟传统的这些技术都不一样，由于神经网络的不可解释性，现在AI的决策过程就像是一个黑盒，就连发明它的那些研究人员，也不清楚它为什么要这样决策。这意味着我们对AI这个技术生产的结果，可控程度并不高。

(English Translation): Fourth, the special nature of AI technology
itself. Well, unlike these traditional technologies, due to the
inexplicability of neural networks, AI's decision-making process now is
like a black box. Even the researchers who invented it don't clearly
understand why it makes such decisions. This means our level of control
over the results produced by AI technology is not very high.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
第二，以AI为基础的社会，它的规则制度、生产工具等等一系列的人类周边，复杂成都都太高了。说白了，普通人想学起来，甚至理解起一个充满AI的世界，难度都很高。目前看来肯定是高过了所谓的老年人玩手机的无力感。

(English Translation): Second, a society based on AI, its rules,
systems, tools of production, and so on, the human environment are all
too complex. To put it bluntly, for ordinary people to learn, or even
understand a world full of AI, the difficulty is very high. Currently,
it seems the so-called helplessness of elderly people using smartphones
is much less.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
你想，了解它的人都很少，那怎么应对？

(English Translation): Think about it, very few people understand it, so
how to cope?



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
第三，AI算是某种智力，它现在就已经在很多方面超越了人类，甚至他可以和可能自我改进，而且他可以凭借他自己的智能，影响和参与人类的决策。如果我们走向错误的一方，也许不会像工业革命那样，阵痛过后，再去纠错，人类有可能没有纠错的机会。

(English Translation): Third, AI is a kind of intelligence. It already
surpasses humans in many aspects. Even it can and possibly self-improve.
And it can, by virtue of its own intelligence, influence and participate
in human decision-making. If we head in the wrong direction, perhaps it
won't be like the Industrial Revolution, where we go through pains and
then correct course. Humanity might not have a chance to correct its
course.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
所以说大家会对AI感到一种焦虑，它不是杞人忧天，它是历史经验、现实处境和AI技术本身的特点，三重因素叠加的真实困境和复杂情绪。

(English Translation): So, when people feel anxious about AI, it's not
unnecessary worry. It's historical experience, current reality, and the
characteristics of AI technology itself. A real dilemma and complex
emotion resulting from these three overlapping factors.



## Part IV: 拥抱未来

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
听到这儿，是不是感觉完了完了完了，废了废了废了。哎，也不能这么说，毕竟坏的结果还没有发生，而技术本身它是中性的，甚至还是我们自己创造的。下一步的发展如何，目前还握在人类的手里。

(English Translation): Hearing this, do you feel like it's over, it's
over, it's over? We're doomed, we're doomed, we're doomed. Hey, we can't
quite say that. After all, the bad outcome hasn't happened yet, and
technology itself is neutral. It's even something we created ourselves.
How it develops next is currently still in human hands.



### 只靠个人努力可能还不够

<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
就是我们接下来要讨论的关键问题。如果我们想像工业革命后期一样，迈过阵痛，而且缩短阵痛，让更多的人都能享受到AI技术的红利，有哪些可能性的做法呢？

(English Translation): This is the key question we need to discuss next.
If we want to, like in the later stages of the Industrial Revolution,
move past the pain, and shorten the pain, allowing more people to enjoy
the benefits of AI technology, what are some possible approaches?



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
以下是我从各个关心这件事情的学者、大佬们那里整理出一些被认同的比较多的看法和解法。

(English Translation): Below are some widely accepted views and
solutions that I've compiled from various scholars and experts who are
concerned about this matter.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
首先，咱们自己应该做点啥呢？那最直接的想法，肯定就是提升自己，别被淘汰呀。但关键在于，在AI时代，到底提升点什么好呢？应该提升什么？他都已经无差别攻击了。哎，那就是得升维了：升维思考。

(English Translation): First, what should we ourselves do? So the most
direct thought is definitely to improve ourselves, so we don't get
eliminated. But the key is, in the AI era, what exactly should we
improve? What should be improved? It's already launching indiscriminate
attacks. Then we need to operate on a higher dimension:
higher-dimensional thinking.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span> 我从Stephen
Wolfram写的那本《什么是GPT》那本书里，提炼并且整理成了以下几个忠告：

(English Translation): From Stephen Wolfram's book "What is GPT", from
that book, I've distilled and organized the following advice:



<div class_dialogue"="">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span> 1.
你得从解决问题变成提出问题了。因为AI会很擅长解决问题，但是他们并不擅长确定到底什么样的问题值得被提出。

(English Translation): 1. You need to shift from solving problems to
posing them. Because AI will be very good at solving problems, but they
are not good at determining exactly what kind of problems are worth
posing.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
也就是说，我们要从知识执行转向知识战略。

(English Translation): In other words, we need to shift from knowledge
execution to knowledge strategy.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span> 2.
你不用再执着于学习详细的知识和技能，你得在更高的层次上学习和工作，抽象掉一些具体的细节，整合和调用范式，在这个基础上发挥创造力。

(English Translation): 2. You no longer need to obsess over learning
detailed knowledge and skills. You need to learn and work at a higher
level, abstract away some specific details, integrate and invoke
paradigms, and exercise creativity on this basis.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span> 3.
我们要学会使用工具来做事，最明显的也就是使用AI。

(English Translation): 3. Third we must learn to use tools to get things
done, most obviously using AI.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span> 4.
你也可以提高你理解复杂情感和人际关系的能力。

(English Translation): 4. Fourth you can also improve your ability to
understand complex emotions and interpersonal relationships.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
所以未来的教育和学习，可能重点也不在于你记住了多少知识点，而在于这个学习的过程中，能不能培养出这些AI难以复制的核心素质。

(English Translation): So future education and learning may not focus on
how many knowledge points you've memorized, but rather on whether the
learning process can cultivate these core qualities that AI finds hard
to replicate.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
学习这个事儿，再也没有过去一劳永逸的事儿了。一门手艺，一个职业，干一辈子，没这种事了。终身学习成了每个人的必然。

(English Translation): Learning itself is no longer a once-and-for-all
endeavor like in the past. One skill, one profession, lasting a
lifetime, that's no longer the case. Lifelong learning has become a
necessity for everyone.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那总结起来，就是要学会利用AI这个超级工具，来赋能自己的创造力和高层次的核心素养，并且持续学习。这也是我想一直努力帮大家做的一部分事。当然了，光靠个人努力可能也还不够。

(English Translation): So to summarize, we need to learn to use AI this
super tool to empower our own creativity and high-level core
competencies, and continue learning. This is also part of what I want to
keep striving to help everyone with. Of course, personal effort alone
may not be enough.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
万一，我是说万一，技术发展的还是太快了，各方各面的一下子还是没有转变过来，很多人的工作还是被淘汰了，那怎么办？毕竟大家现在想去砸AI，都已经不知道人家算力中心在哪了，卢德都很难卢德。那这时候，社会的“安全网”就得给力了。比如说工资保险，也就是说当你不得不换了一个工资更低的工作，政府可以给你补一部分差价，鼓励你先干起来。也还可以给低收入工作者直接发钱，这也能起到一定的缓冲作用。

(English Translation): What if, and I mean what if, technology still
develops too quickly, and things suddenly haven't shifted in various
aspects. Many people's jobs are still eliminated. Then what? After all,
if people want to smash AI now, they don't even know where its computing
centers are. It's hard to even be a Luddite. At this point, the social
"safety net" must be strong. For example, wage insurance, meaning when
you have no choice but to take a lower-paying job, the government can
subsidize part of the difference, encouraging you to start working. We
can also directly give money to low-income workers. This can also serve
as a buffer.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
那另一种大家可能都听说过，更大胆的，就是全民基本收入
UBI。这个呢就是不管你工不工作，政府每个月都会给每个人发一笔钱。在保证了所有人基本生存条件的情况下，大家再去探索新工作，接受教育，或者是单纯做你喜欢的事，打打游戏什么的。这个想法其实很多AI界的大佬都是支持的。比如说OpenAI的Altman，他就很早在花钱资助了UBI相关的研究。他支持的OpenResearch，就是向美国德克萨斯州和伊利诺伊州的1000名低收入居民，每个月发放1000美元，为期三年，算是美国最大规模的UBI研究了。那最后的研究表明，这些收了钱的人呢，钱大多数都花在了生活必需品上，那他们的酒精和药物依赖是有所好转的，平均每周减少了1.3个小时的工作时间。但是啊，其实也没有什么震撼的结论，走向人生幸福了怎么样。不过，马斯克呀，AI教父辛顿啊，Meta的扎克伯格，很多AI界的人士，他们在这件事上基本上都一致，都觉得UBI可能是应对AI导致的就业减少和财富不平等的有效手段。那当然了这个UBI的想法争议还是非常大，有人会觉得这会让人懒惰，长此以往会把人都养废了。那有人也觉得主要是发的还是太少了。

(English Translation): Another bolder idea you might have heard of is
Universal Basic Income (UBI). This means regardless of whether you work
or not, the government gives everyone a sum of money each month. After
ensuring everyone's basic living conditions are met, people can then
explore new jobs, receive education, or simply do things you enjoy, like
playing games. This idea is actually supported by many big names in the
AI field. For example, OpenAI's Altman, he was an early funder of
UBI-related research. The OpenResearch he supported provided 1,000
low-income residents in Texas and Illinois US with \$1,000 per month for
three years. It's considered the largest UBI study in the US. The final
research showed that the people who received the money spent most of it
on daily necessities. Their alcohol and drug dependence showed some
improvement. On average weekly work hours decreased by 1.3 hours. But
actually, there wasn't any shocking conclusion, like they achieved life
happiness or something. However, Musk, AI godfather Hinton, Meta's
Zuckerberg, many figures in the AI field, on this matter, are basically
in agreement. They all feel UBI might be an effective means to address
job losses and wealth inequality caused by AI. Of course, the idea of
UBI is still very controversial. Some feel it would make people lazy,
and in the long run spoil everyone. Others feel the main issue is that
the amount given is too little.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
（BEEP）那这事呢，其实也有更多的细致和具体的讨论，大家感兴趣可以去看这几本书。我们就先不站边下结论了。它至少说明，面对AI可能带来的这种颠覆性影响，社会可能还是需要一些突破常规的思路来保障人们的基本生活好。那兜底是一方面，所以UBI听起来感觉还像是一个过渡方案。我们最终追求的还是共同繁荣，所有人都可以长久的过得好。那这可能需要一些大的顶层设计的变革了。比如说通用基本资产的说法。

(English Translation): (BEEP) Well, this matter actually has more
detailed and specific discussions. If you're interested, you can read
these books. We won't take sides or draw conclusions for now. It at
least shows that facing the potential disruptive impact of AI, society
might need some unconventional thinking to ensure people's basic
livelihoods. So providing a safety net is one aspect. Thus UBI sounds
more like a transitional solution. What we ultimately pursue is common
prosperity, so everyone can live well in the long term. This might
require some major top-level design reforms. For example, the concept of
universal basic assets.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
这一类说法指的是每个人都在靠自己的资产养活，你的算力，你的数据，或者是你的AI，或者你的资金在替你赚钱。那到这里，其实是不是就引出了一个更深层的变化，那就是工作的意义变了。

(English Translation): This kind of concept refers to everyone living
off their own assets: your computing power, your data, or your AI, or
your capital is earning money for you. At this point, does this actually
introduce a deeper change? That is, the meaning of work has changed.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
过去的社会发展，物资资源的获得，非常需要人的劳动力。所以我们有了劳动光荣，工作是人类成就和自我价值实现的途径等等这些观念。但是这种观念也是基于原来的情况所催生的。然而如果未来的AI真的能承担掉大部分的劳动，不再以有用性和生产力为主要的价值标准，甚至我们的生活也不愁了，那我们人类还能干什么？什么才是人类活着的价值？我们大把的时间用来做什么，才能更能体现我们人之所为人意义？这可能是AI时代带给我们最深刻的哲学追问。

(English Translation): In past societal development, acquiring material
resources heavily relied on human labor. So we had concepts like "labor
is glorious," "work is a path to human achievement and self-worth
realization," and so on. But this kind of notion was also born out of
previous circumstances. However, if future AI can truly take over most
of the labor, and we no longer use utility and productivity as primary
standards of value, and we no longer worry about our livelihoods, then
what can we humans still do? What is the value of human existence? What
will we do with all our time to better reflect the meaning of being
human? This might be the AI era's most profound philosophical question
for us.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
是不是充满遐想？OK，拉回现实。这些美好的可能性都还悬而未决，技术的本身也没有到那一步。我们现在实际上站在一个历史的关口上。AI也许会带来一个完全不同的美好新世界，也可能引我们坠入一个难以承受的苦难。我现在就像坐在一列谁也不知道目的地是哪的列车上，边开在边琢磨。那我们是闭着眼踩下油门，还是躺平让列车自己开，还是要有节奏的观察，又积极的计划。其实列车最终会开到哪里，关键也还是会回到，在分岔路口的我们，选择朝哪个方向前进。

(English Translation): Isn't it full of imagination? OK, back to
reality. These beautiful possibilities are still up in the air. The
technology itself isn't there yet. We are now actually standing at a
historical juncture. AI might bring about a completely different
wonderful new world, or it might lead us into unbearable suffering. I
feel like I'm on a train, and nobody knows its destination, figuring it
out as we go. So do we close our eyes and step on the gas, or just lie
flat and let the train drive itself, or should we observe rhythmically
and plan proactively? Actually, where the train will ultimately go still
crucially depends on us. At the crossroads, choosing which direction to
move forward.



<div class="dialogue">

<span class="speaker">秋叶2046 (中文):</span>
悲观总是理智的，乐观却是意志的。如果我们选择在悲观中焦虑，结局只会是更焦虑。我们只有借鉴前人，认真一点，谦卑一点，乐观一点，把AI的到来当做我们的另一次考验和机会。像小小的人类跨越大洋，征服大海的狂风巨浪一样，像没有翅膀的身体摆脱强大的地心引力一样，用我们人类有点天真而乐观的意志，证伪这些悲观而正确的看法。就算我们随时可能被颠覆技能，被颠覆认知，但是我们也要准备好，在这场随时颠覆的浪潮里，乘风破浪。

(English Translation): Pessimism is always rational; optimism, however,
is a matter of will. If we choose to be anxious in pessimism, the
outcome will only be more anxiety. We can only learn from our
predecessors, be a bit more serious, a bit more humble, a bit more
optimistic. Treat the arrival of AI as another test and opportunity for
us. Like tiny humans crossing vast oceans, conquering the furious winds
and waves of the sea, like wingless bodies escaping the powerful pull of
gravity, with our somewhat naive yet optimistic human will, to disprove
these pessimistic yet correct views. Even if our skills might be
overturned at any moment, our understanding overturned, we must still be
ready, in this ever-disruptive wave, to ride the wind and break the
waves.
