---
title: "AI研讨会：探索企业级应用与未来趋势"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "Marina Stojanovic, Ketki Yennemadi, Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq"
  guest: "Dave Wessinger, Alan Missen, Aakif Shaik, Pam Martin, Hazelle Florencio, Sonal Misra, Caleb Waldemar, Kristy Liu, Mary Henschel, Julia Groza, Raka Dhar, Jenna Paglia, Daisy Dool, Erik Stabile, Jordan Bowman, Syed Hasan, Ruben Vieira, Pawandeep Kaur, Victor Tarnovski, Dave Chodos, Kate Kaplya, Charley Yang, Maja Madirazza, Krisika Suthan, Rahim Hashwani, Cedric Anne, Dean Slawson, Lisa Jarrett, Dr. Cindy Plunkett" 
  source: "[在此处插入视频的完整链接]"
---



# AI研讨会：探索企业级应用与未来趋势

## 开场讨论：AI时代的学习、机遇与紧迫感

**Dave Wessinger:** And my, kind of, two major investors in Dragonair
and Hillman Friedman.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我的两大主要投资者，Dragoneer（Dragoneer投资集团：一家专注于科技领域的成长型股权投资公司）和Hellman
& Friedman（Hellman & Friedman：一家全球领先的私募股权投资公司）。

**Dave Wessinger:** Spend more time trying to get me connected with
every single person that's moving well, or better or differently in AI,
so I can learn from that.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们花了很多时间，试图让我与每一个在AI领域做得好、更好或与众不同的人建立联系，以便我能从中学习。

**Dave Wessinger:** It's a massive learning journey, and every day could
be spent with yet another company understanding their journey.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这是一个巨大的学习过程，每天都可以花在了解另一家公司的发展历程上。

**Dave Wessinger:** And they tend to connect me with ones that have had
some reasonable success.

**Dave Wessinger:** 他们倾向于把我介绍给那些已经取得一定成功的公司。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so, I'll just speak to one that's actually, um,
connected to healthcare. This is a little more financial, but do have
some healthcare customers, and then I'll talk about a healthcare
company.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，我先谈一个与医疗健康相关的例子。这家公司更偏向金融领域，但确实有一些医疗客户，之后我再谈一家纯粹的医疗公司。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, the one that I saw was…. It's a really
interesting concept, and I think as I talk about other organizations.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我看到的那家公司……它的概念非常有趣，我认为在我谈论其他组织时也是如此。

**Dave Wessinger:** I'm largely talking about solutions they deliver to
the market as the priority, but invariably, I think when we think about
what might be delivered to a market.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我主要谈论的是他们向市场提供的解决方案，但当我们思考可能向市场交付什么时，情况总是如此。

**Dave Wessinger:** In our own rights, our internal stuff, we're
consuming others' solutions. So it's the same thing, just upside down.

**Dave Wessinger:**
就我们自身而言，我们的内部系统也在使用他人的解决方案。所以这其实是同一件事，只是角度不同。

**Dave Wessinger:** And the thing that they've done well, as an
organization, they struggled to deliver AI to the market.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们作为一个组织做得很好的一点是，他们曾努力将AI推向市场，但遇到了困难。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and…. I think what I recognize the challenge
with, they at least iterated, was….

**Dave Wessinger:** 我认为我认识到的挑战在于，他们至少进行了迭代……

**Dave Wessinger:** They've… they're moving really well in AI now, in
the end market. Their revenue doubled year over year.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们现在在AI领域，在终端市场上发展得非常好。他们的收入同比增长了一倍。

**Dave Wessinger:** They acquired an AI company, accelerated some of
their work, and they basically have been building agents for the last 6
months.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们收购了一家AI公司，加速了部分工作，并且在过去6个月里一直在构建AI智能体（AI
agents：能自主感知环境、决策并执行任务的智能程序）。

**Dave Wessinger:** And driving a ton of opportunity into the business.
And so they sell it, it's an orchestration layer for their customers.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这为业务带来了大量机会。他们销售的是一个为其客户服务的编排层（orchestration
layer：用于自动化和协调复杂系统或服务之间工作流的技术层）。

**Dave Wessinger:** They productionized it versus give their end
customers an opportunity to build their own agents.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们将其产品化，而不是让终端客户有机会自己构建智能体。

**Dave Wessinger:** And they've done extremely well, and I think
doubling revenue in a given year is pretty incredible, actually.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们做得非常出色，我认为在一年内实现收入翻倍确实是相当了不起的成就。

**Dave Wessinger:** In terms of an outcome. So that's really positive.
The one takeaway for me there was.

**Dave Wessinger:** 从结果来看，这非常积极。我从中得到的一个启示是。

**Dave Wessinger:** He had challenged his own team, really smart,
capable people. To move with agents and build it themselves.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他曾挑战自己的团队，那些非常聪明、有能力的人，让他们利用智能体自己构建解决方案。

**Dave Wessinger:** And he gave them a certain amount of time before he
had to go outside and acquire it, and basically they got.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他给了他们一定的时间，之后他不得不向外部寻求并收购技术，基本上他们做到了。

**Dave Wessinger:** They weren't able to get to the point where you
thought they could have, and so he had to acquire.

**Dave Wessinger:** 他们没能达到他预期的水平，所以他最终不得不进行收购。

**Dave Wessinger:** And I guess my takeaway from that is no more than.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我想我从中得到的启示无非是。

**Dave Wessinger:** If we're not taking time to sharpen the saw and
learn and grow, we're gonna be always caught up with the problems of the
day and the priorities of what's gonna pull us back.

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果我们不花时间磨砺自己、学习和成长，我们就会永远被日常问题和那些拖后腿的优先事项所困扰。

**Dave Wessinger:** And I think getting focused on where we need to go
is a lot of courage from leadership, is a lot of courage from all of us.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为，专注于我们需要前进的方向，需要领导层和我们所有人的巨大勇气。

**Dave Wessinger:** And I think it's not what you say yes to, it's what
you say no to.

**Dave Wessinger:**
而且我认为，关键不在于你答应了什么，而在于你拒绝了什么。

**Dave Wessinger:** And I think the one thing we hear around this
organization a lot.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我认为我们在这个组织里经常听到的一件事是。

**Dave Wessinger:** Is there's a lot of priorities, and the priorities
come down to leadership. And if we're not really clear.

**Dave Wessinger:**
有太多的优先事项，而这些优先事项最终都归结于领导层。如果我们不非常清楚。

**Dave Wessinger:** With where we need to go, what we need to choose,
we're not gonna make that progress. No matter how much learning we do
today.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我们需要去向何方，需要做出何种选择，我们就无法取得进步。无论我们今天学习了多少。

**Dave Wessinger:** We need to create space, um, and that's gonna be
hard, and it's gonna be hard to stomach sometimes, because that will
deviate from our current plans.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我们需要创造空间，这会很困难，有时甚至难以接受，因为它会偏离我们当前的计划。

**Dave Wessinger:** But, uh, that's kind of one example. I think…. The
other one is, um, and this is a little bit external, talking to some
companies that are leveraging AI to drive their growth.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但这就是一个例子。我认为……另一个例子，这稍微有点外部视角，是关于一些利用AI来驱动其在医疗健康领域增长的公司。

**Dave Wessinger:** In healthcare. And one example was, there's a
company that has built an orchestration layer.

**Dave Wessinger:**
在医疗健康领域。一个例子是，有一家公司在我们的应用程序之上构建了一个编排层。

**Dave Wessinger:** On top of our application, that does two things.
One, gives end users an ability to automate all of their manual
processes.

**Dave Wessinger:**
它能做两件事。第一，让最终用户能够自动化他们所有的手动流程。

**Dave Wessinger:** So they call it agents… Agent Operating Procedures.
And they're building a ton of them, on top of our application.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们称之为智能体……智能体操作程序。他们在我们的应用程序之上构建了大量的这类程序。

**Dave Wessinger:** So what's interesting out of that is it's not… it's
not human-centered design. It's machine-centered design.

**Dave Wessinger:**
有趣的是，这不再是以人为本的设计，而是以机器为中心的设计。

**Dave Wessinger:** Kind of interesting. Um, kind of moving away from
that. And then where they've taken some opportunity, they've gone and
they've created Chrome extensions on top of our app to create a
side-by-side workflow where customers can create a lot of intelligence
in this Chrome extension.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这很有趣，有点偏离了传统模式。然后他们抓住了一些机会，在我们的应用之上创建了Chrome扩展程序，形成了一个并行的工作流，客户可以在这个Chrome扩展中创造出很多智能功能。

**Dave Wessinger:** On top of our application. So what's…. What's it?
And they're making really nice progress, kind of….

**Dave Wessinger:**
在我们的应用程序之上。所以……这是什么？他们正在取得非常好的进展，可以说……

**Dave Wessinger:** Let's say, to some extent, pre-revenue, but starting
to take off, because it's obviously solving a big problem.

**Dave Wessinger:**
在某种程度上，他们还处于营收前阶段，但已经开始起飞，因为它显然解决了一个大问题。

**Dave Wessinger:** And if it's not clear in every boardroom, the ask is
more AI, more AI, more AI, and so if somebody's solving that, and it's
not us, uh, that could be problematic, and so it does drive you to a
sense of urgency and pace to start to deliver on that need. So, two
different examples.

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果在每个董事会里还不清楚的话，那么需求就是更多的AI，更多的AI，更多的AI。所以如果有人在解决这个问题，而那个人不是我们，那可能会很麻烦。这确实会驱使你产生一种紧迫感和节奏感，去开始满足这种需求。所以，这是两个不同的例子。

**Dave Wessinger:** Of companies leveraging more of an AI. One wasn't
AI-native, and the other one is.

**Dave Wessinger:**
关于公司如何更多地利用AI。一个不是AI原生公司，另一个则是。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and then the question is, you know, how do you
compete against that, and how do you think about that?

**Dave Wessinger:** 那么问题来了，你如何与他们竞争，你如何看待这个问题？

**Dave Wessinger:** And then internally, think about this for a moment.
We're trying to deliver to our customers AI-powered solutions is where
we would like to be.

**Dave Wessinger:**
然后在内部，思考一下。我们希望能够为客户提供AI驱动的解决方案。

**Dave Wessinger:** Our vendors internally that you deal with, Alan, are
trying to.

**Dave Wessinger:** Alan，你所接触的我们内部的供应商，他们也在努力。

**Dave Wessinger:** Deliver AI to us, and they tend to be in their
segments, so whether it's finance, or sales, or product, or.

**Dave Wessinger:**
向我们提供AI，而且他们通常专注于各自的领域，无论是金融、销售、产品，还是其他。

**Dave Wessinger:** Or services, or otherwise. But we have to put Humpty
Dumpty together in some way, shape, or form to deliver a seamless
experience and process for our own employees, so….

**Dave Wessinger:**
或者是服务或其他方面。但我们必须以某种方式将这些零散的部分整合起来，为我们自己的员工提供无缝的体验和流程，所以……

**Dave Wessinger:** It's kind of hard to think about single-source AI
vendors. And that's why things like Copilot or orchestration layers take
off, is because they do go across so many different applications and
drive a ton of efficiency in the business, so….

**Dave Wessinger:**
很难想象只依赖单一来源的AI供应商。这就是为什么像Copilot或编排层这样的东西会流行起来，因为它们确实能够跨越许多不同的应用程序，并为业务带来巨大的效率提升，所以……

**Dave Wessinger:** There's just a few examples that, uh, have kind of
a….

**Dave Wessinger:** 这里只是几个例子，它们都有一种……

**Dave Wessinger:** It does drive a sense of urgency in terms of the….

**Dave Wessinger:** 它确实在……方面带来了一种紧迫感。

**Dave Wessinger:** These things aren't just… we're not just talking
about them in theory, they're real.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这些事情不仅仅是……我们不只是在理论上谈论它们，它们是真实存在的。

**Dave Wessinger:** They're starting to impact businesses. Uh, and its
material. Uh, so I think it's an opportunity internally, but also
externally. One doesn't go without the other.

**Dave Wessinger:**
它们已经开始影响企业，而且是实质性的影响。所以我认为这既是内部的机会，也是外部的机会。两者相辅相成。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, those are great examples, Dave. I think your
point around, sort of.

**Alan Missen:** 是的，Dave，这些例子很棒。我认为你关于……的观点。

**Alan Missen:** You know, committed time to learn, right? And that sort
of ruthless prioritization.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，投入时间去学习，对吧？以及那种坚决的优先级排序。

**Alan Missen:** The combination of those two, I think, is a very
powerful comment that we really need to take seriously on the back end
of today, frankly. I think it's a great point, well made.

**Alan Missen:**
我认为这两者的结合是一个非常有力的观点，坦白说，我们今天结束后真的需要认真对待。这是一个很好的观点，说得很好。

**Dave Wessinger:** Alan, how do you… let me ask you a question as we're
kind of going back and forth. We, as everybody here knows, or should
know, we've had a….

**Dave Wessinger:**
Alan，你如何……在我们来回讨论的时候，我问你一个问题。我们，在座的各位都知道，或者应该知道，我们有一个……

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, I think… I think we're kind of at the beginning
of the journey, um, in all honesty, but I… and I do think that that's
a….

**Alan Missen:**
是的，我认为……坦白说，我们才刚刚开始这段旅程，但我……我确实认为这是一个……

**Dave Wessinger:** A meaningful effort around P2C. And as you think
about what we're doing design-wise, business process engineering or
business process modeling.

**Dave Wessinger:**
围绕P2C（Product-to-Cash：从产品到现金，指企业从产品开发到最终收到客户付款的整个业务流程）的一项有意义的努力。当你思考我们在设计方面所做的工作，无论是业务流程工程还是业务流程建模。

**Dave Wessinger:** Is a lot around how humans use a solution, and we
think about, you know, Salesforce or other components that might be in
there, and NetSuite.

**Dave Wessinger:**
很多都是围绕人类如何使用一个解决方案，我们会考虑到Salesforce（赛富时：一家提供客户关系管理软件和服务的公司）或其他可能包含在内的组件，以及NetSuite（甲骨文公司旗下的云ERP软件）。

**Dave Wessinger:** How do you think about AI as it relates to designing
differently.

**Dave Wessinger:** 你如何看待AI在不同设计方法中的应用？

**Dave Wessinger:** For the things that we traditionally would focus on,
how does a human do X, and how do we make it better?

**Dave Wessinger:**
对于我们传统上关注的事情，比如人类如何完成某项任务X，以及我们如何改进它？

**Dave Wessinger:** How do you think differently about using agents, or
thinking differently about AI in just re-engineering the process?

**Dave Wessinger:**
在仅仅是重新设计流程方面，你对使用智能体或对AI有何不同的看法？

**Alan Missen:** An area we're evolving… we're trying to evolve quite…
quite quickly, Dave. I think….

**Alan Missen:**
Dave，这是一个我们正在努力……非常、非常快速发展的领域。我认为……

**Alan Missen:** If we look at, sort of, the traditional way to build…
to deliver those big transformational projects, you're right, you sort
of scope it, you build it, you test it, you go live.

**Alan Missen:**
如果我们看传统的方式来构建……来交付那些大型转型项目，你说得对，你通常是先确定范围，然后构建，测试，最后上线。

**Alan Missen:** And we're sort of two-thirds of the way down that
journey, and all of a sudden, there's a capability available to us that
wasn't when we started the project.

**Alan Missen:**
我们大概走完了这个过程的三分之二，然后突然之间，出现了一种我们项目开始时没有的能力。

**Dave Wessinger:** Yeah.

**Dave Wessinger:** 是的。

**Alan Missen:** Um, and so right now, we are sort of actively looking
at, are there 3 or 4 areas within P2C.

**Alan Missen:**
所以现在，我们正在积极地研究，在P2C（产品到现金）流程中是否有三到四个领域。

**Alan Missen:** That we can start leveraging this right away. So it's
not just about this new idea that's down the road that we'll go tackle.
It's like, we've got stuff that is in flight.

**Alan Missen:**
我们可以立即开始利用这项技术。所以这不仅仅是关于未来某个新想法，而是我们手头正在进行的项目。

**Alan Missen:** How do we start thinking about applying it right now?
So a great one is an….

**Alan Missen:** 我们如何开始思考立即应用它？一个很好的例子是……

**Alan Missen:** I think we showed it at the SLT, and I know it's a
passionate one for you, is….

**Alan Missen:** 我想我们在SLT（Senior Leadership
Team：高级领导团队）会议上展示过，而且我知道你对此充满热情，那就是……

**Alan Missen:** Could we get an agent to build a quote for a customer
for Go Live in November? Could we actually have that ready?

**Alan Missen:**
我们能否让一个智能体为客户在11月上线时生成一份报价？我们真的能准备好吗？

**Alan Missen:** Right? And so we're really kind of pushing the envelope
on that. And I think there's….

**Alan Missen:** 对吧？所以我们真的在挑战极限。而且我认为……

**Alan Missen:** 3 or 4 sort of agentic ideas, sort of on the back end
of the finance side.

**Alan Missen:** 在财务后端，有三到四个类似智能体的想法。

**Alan Missen:** As well, that we're starting to play around with is to
say, can we get those in for November 1st as well? So.

**Alan Missen:**
我们也开始尝试，看看能否在11月1日之前也把它们实现。所以。

**Alan Missen:** It's a little scary, because we're trying to, like,
change scope as we're sort of building the plane.

**Alan Missen:**
这有点吓人，因为我们就像是在造飞机的同时试图改变它的设计范围。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, but those are some of the things we're thinking
about, uh, within, say, say, PSC around that idea.

**Alan Missen:**
但这些是我们正在考虑的一些事情，比如在PSC（项目指导委员会）内部围绕这个想法进行讨论。

**Dave Wessinger:** Very good. Yeah, it's exciting. Your point is very
interesting in that….

**Dave Wessinger:** 非常好。是的，这很令人兴奋。你的观点非常有趣，在于……

**Dave Wessinger:** You know, the advancements in 6 months, never mind
24 hours.

**Dave Wessinger:** 你知道，六个月内的进步，更不用说24小时了。

**Dave Wessinger:** Are just… it's unsettling how… the pace of change,
and I think Mike talked about a 5-year time horizon.

**Dave Wessinger:**
简直是……变革的速度令人不安，我想Mike谈到了一个五年的时间跨度。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, you know, disruption of the cloud really took
10-plus years.

**Dave Wessinger:** 你知道，云计算的颠覆真正花了十年以上的时间。

**Dave Wessinger:** Disruption here is…. Barely measured in years. I
mean, two, three years out, what we see today as normal is gonna be….

**Dave Wessinger:**
这里的颠覆……几乎不能用年来衡量。我的意思是，两三年后，我们今天视为正常的东西将会……

**Dave Wessinger:** It's gonna feel like it was 50 years ago history.
It's pretty incredible.

**Dave Wessinger:** 感觉就像是50年前的历史。这真是太不可思议了。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah. And I think the other comment you made, which is
really interesting, is some of the stuff that you're seeing around, sort
of, the bigger platforms, it's like the attack vector.

**Alan Missen:**
是的。而且我认为你提出的另一个评论也很有趣，就是你看到的一些关于大型平台的情况，它就像是攻击向量。

**Alan Missen:** For some of the innovations, actually, kind of on the
edges, right? It's not necessarily sort of the… always the big players
who are coming at you, it's the small, innovative.

**Alan Missen:**
对于一些创新来说，实际上是在边缘地带，对吧？不一定总是那些大公司来挑战你，而是那些小而创新的公司。

**Alan Missen:** Company that's sort of hitting it around the edges of
what sort of we're doing, and that's… that's really an interesting.

**Alan Missen:**
公司正在我们所做事情的边缘地带进行冲击，这……这确实是一个有趣的现象。

**Alan Missen:** Dynamic for us to wrap our head around. And then the
other comment you made around, sort of.

**Alan Missen:** 动态，需要我们去理解。然后你还提到了另一个评论，关于……

**Alan Missen:** How are the vendors in our space, our platform
partners, how are they playing?

**Alan Missen:**
我们领域的供应商，我们的平台合作伙伴，他们是如何参与竞争的？

**Alan Missen:** Um, there's a data point that's… there's a data point
that suggests right now.

**Alan Missen:** 有一个数据点……有一个数据点表明，现在。

**Alan Missen:** 80% of applications software plays. Will have AI
capabilities embedded in them.

**Alan Missen:** 80%的应用软件都将嵌入AI功能。

**Alan Missen:** By next year. By next year. So, wrapping your head
around sort of the rationalizations of which ones are good, which ones
can be integrated, which ones should we use.

**Alan Missen:**
到明年。到明年。所以，要理清哪些是好的，哪些可以集成，哪些我们应该使用，这需要好好思考。

**Alan Missen:** I think, you know, it's, uh, it's… you're right, every…
every vendor's knocking on our door right now, going, you need to look
at our stuff.

**Alan Missen:**
我认为，你知道，这……你说得对，现在每个供应商都在敲我们的门，说，你们需要看看我们的产品。

**Dave Wessinger:** Let me share with you the why behind that. Um, and
it really starts with, if you think about enterprise value, is kind of a
key driver for a lot of folks.

**Dave Wessinger:**
让我与你分享这背后的原因。这实际上始于，如果你考虑到企业价值，它对很多人来说是一个关键驱动因素。

**Dave Wessinger:** You sit in a boardroom, and you talk to… and this
came up a little bit, but more so, kind of, after.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你坐在董事会里，和……谈话，这个问题稍微被提及，但更多的是在之后。

**Dave Wessinger:** We had this conversation of, you know. What if we do
well, or what if we do poorly? Let's just play out kind of a few
scenarios.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我们进行了这样的对话，你知道的。如果我们做得好会怎样？或者如果我们做得不好会怎样？让我们来推演几种情景。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and if… if we do poorly, we could be half the
value today.

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果……如果我们做得不好，我们的价值可能会是今天的一半。

**Dave Wessinger:** Six months from now. Half of our value.

**Dave Wessinger:** 六个月后。我们价值的一半。

**Dave Wessinger:** What's the difference if we do it well? We have
AI-powered solutions showing up on market, demonstrating real revenue as
it related to it, and we would do significantly better than kind of a…
what our… what our shareholder value could look like.

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果我们做得好，会有什么不同？我们将拥有AI驱动的解决方案出现在市场上，展示出与之相关的真实收入，并且我们的表现将远远好于……我们的股东价值可能的样子。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so if you just think about the economics and why
you're seeing vendors show up saying, buyer A-powered stuff, buy more of
that, because their entire enterprise value is based on their ability to
demonstrate they're capable of doing that.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，如果你只考虑经济因素，以及为什么你会看到供应商出现并说，购买A驱动的产品，多买一些，因为他们的整个企业价值都建立在他们展示自己有能力做到这一点的基础上。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so, that's why it's so important for customers,
us, other businesses, to kind of move into this new world. It's an
existential threat to the value of their business. And so, yeah, people
are pretty motivated.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，这就是为什么对于客户、我们以及其他企业来说，进入这个新世界如此重要。这对他们业务的价值构成了生存威胁。所以，是的，人们都很有动力。

**Dave Wessinger:** And some a little more than others, and so…. That,
to me, is where the opportunity is, but just to give you a sense of
where it's coming from.

**Dave Wessinger:**
有些人比其他人更有动力，所以……对我来说，这就是机会所在，但只是为了让你了解它的来源。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and why you're seeing kind of that, that kind of
intensity around it, especially as you get those incoming calls around,
buy this, buy that, buy this, instrument this way, instrument that way,
right?

**Dave Wessinger:**
以及为什么你会看到那种……那种围绕它的强度，特别是当你接到那些关于购买这个、购买那个、用这种方式、用那种方式来实施的电话时，对吧？

**Alan Missen:** The assign interesting data point the other day on… to
your point around, sort of, valuation, and at the end of 24.

**Alan Missen:** 前几天关于……估值的一个有趣数据点，在24年底。

**Alan Missen:** Ai organizations were kind of valued at about… I think
the valuation was something like \$450 billion.

**Alan Missen:** AI组织的估值大约是……我想估值大概是4500亿美元。

**Alan Missen:** And it's expected in the next 6 years to get to \$18
trillion. It's like a 37 or 40% CAGR.

**Alan Missen:**
预计在未来6年内将达到18万亿美元。这就像是37%或40%的复合年增长率（CAGR：Compound
Annual Growth Rate，衡量投资在特定时期内年均增长率的指标）。

**Alan Missen:** Year over year over year, so it's exactly to your
point, it's insane, the expectation remituations.

**Alan Missen:**
年复一年，所以这完全印证了你的观点，预期的估值波动简直是疯狂的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Well, I'll give you a very specific data point. Two
companies recently acquired, one with two people.

**Dave Wessinger:**
好吧，我给你一个非常具体的数据点。最近有两家公司被收购，其中一家只有两个人。

**Dave Wessinger:** North of \$100 million. Two people.

**Dave Wessinger:** 超过1亿美元。两个人。

**Alan Missen:** Wow.

**Alan Missen:** 哇。

**Dave Wessinger:** Another company, Israeli company, acquired for
multiple hundreds of millions of dollars, probably 30 or 40 people.
Neither company?

**Dave Wessinger:**
另一家公司，一家以色列公司，以数亿美元的价格被收购，大概有三四十人。这两家公司都没有？

**Dave Wessinger:** Had any revenue. No revenue. Like, that's the
appetite for AI-based companies. It's incredible. And so….

**Dave Wessinger:**
任何收入。没有收入。这就是市场对AI公司的渴求程度。这太不可思议了。所以……

**Alan Missen:** Yep. Yep.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, obviously without kind of the, uh, the legacy or
the history, it's kind of, you know, it's obviously easy to start fresh,
but.

**Dave Wessinger:**
显然，没有那种……那种历史包袱，重新开始显然更容易，但是。

**Dave Wessinger:** It's… it's absolutely incredible. It reminds me of
the days where I wish.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这……这绝对是不可思议的。这让我想起了那些我希望的日子。

**Dave Wessinger:** Saas companies back in 2002 were actually doing
that. They were in 99 before it all blew up.

**Dave Wessinger:** 2002年的SaaS（Software as a
Service：软件即服务）公司实际上就在做那样的事情。他们在99年，在一切都崩溃之前。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, but yeah, it's just a, uh, it's clear… it's
interesting, and I kind of… I look in the mirror, I'm like, holy shit,
I'm old. I'm gonna catch the second wave. Like, the first owner's cloud,
I'm gonna be around for another one, I can share stories. It's like….

**Dave Wessinger:**
但是，是的，这只是……很明显……很有趣，我有点……我看着镜子里的自己，心想，天哪，我老了。我要赶上第二波浪潮了。就像第一波是云计算，我还会经历另一波，我可以分享故事。这就像……

**Dave Wessinger:** I'm kind of excited to write the next paper to
Forbes about what it's like to go through two major disruptions in a
lifetime.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我很兴奋能为《福布斯》写下一篇文章，讲述在一生中经历两次重大颠覆是什么感觉。

**Alan Missen:** Absolutely. Uh, next quick question, then, around, sort
of, in the healthcare spec, and you've sort of talked about it a little
bit, is… is there any… what are the areas you see will have, sort of,
the most significant disruption in the next few years?

**Alan Missen:**
当然。那么，下一个快速问题，关于医疗健康领域，你之前也稍微谈到过，你认为在未来几年，哪些领域会受到最重大的颠覆？

**Dave Wessinger:** So, anyways. I digress.

**Dave Wessinger:** 总之，我跑题了。

**Dave Wessinger:** Well, I think, um, the ability to augment human and
replace some of the mundane tasks, absolutely without question.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为，增强人类能力并取代一些繁琐任务的能力，这毫无疑问是肯定的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and I think those are the things we see. The
other thing I would say is the ability to… to power folks to be a lot
smarter about and prioritize the work they do, so that the little we
have.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为这些是我们能看到的事情。另外我想说的是，赋予人们更聪明地思考和优先处理工作的能力，这样我们有限的资源。

**Dave Wessinger:** We'll be able to do so much more with in healthcare.

**Dave Wessinger:** 将能在医疗健康领域发挥更大的作用。

**Dave Wessinger:** But I also would say the thing that I'm… I think is
very interesting.

**Dave Wessinger:** 但我还要说，我认为非常有趣的一件事是。

**Dave Wessinger:** Is that I believe that invariably, the entire, kind
of, industry will be responding to information and take action.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我相信，整个行业最终都将对信息做出反应并采取行动。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so it will be a… if you think about sensors, and
you think about the capability to ingest information, either biosensors.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以这将是……如果你考虑到传感器，以及摄取信息的能力，无论是生物传感器。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, information, you know, historical information,
all of that, like. This kind of, you need to enter something to have an
observation to react to. Like, thinking about designing anything for a
human to enter something is like, you….

**Dave Wessinger:**
信息，你知道，历史信息，所有这些。就像，你需要输入一些东西才能有观察结果来做出反应。比如，考虑设计任何需要人类输入的东西，就好像……

**Dave Wessinger:** What are you talking about? That's not a thing
anymore. And so, when you think about that being kind of, okay, that's…
that barrier is gone, we have full information now, we can kind of turn
that into something we react to. I think it's a really interesting way
to think about the future.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你在说什么？那已经不是事了。所以，当你想到那个障碍已经消失，我们现在拥有了完整的信息，我们可以把它变成我们能做出反应的东西。我认为这是一个思考未来的非常有趣的方式。

**Dave Wessinger:** But I think in terms of impact, I would tell you
that for any of you who are at Summit or heard me talk to Dr. Rue.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但就影响而言，我想告诉你们，对于任何在峰会上或听过我与Rue博士交谈的人来说。

**Dave Wessinger:** What they're doing in terms of ophthalmology, the
ability to kind of read in.

**Dave Wessinger:** 他们在眼科方面所做的工作，那种能够读取信息的能力。

**Dave Wessinger:** Scan of an eyeball and understand your entire
diagnosis, or a significant portion of it.

**Dave Wessinger:** 扫描眼球并了解你的整个诊断，或其中很大一部分。

**Dave Wessinger:** Think about that one image that will likely work its
way to a phone. Right now, it's a fairly complex piece of equipment, but
it will become commoditized.

**Dave Wessinger:**
想想那张很可能会出现在手机上的图片。现在，它是一个相当复杂的设备，但它将会商品化。

**Dave Wessinger:** That in a moment, you can understand what would
otherwise take you hours of assessment, and if they're non-coherent or
incapable.

**Dave Wessinger:**
在一瞬间，你就能理解那些原本需要数小时评估才能了解的事情，而且如果对方语无伦次或无法表达。

**Dave Wessinger:** You might not get all of that information. To
understand the human body and understand what to go do from an image in
a moment.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你可能无法获得所有信息。要在一瞬间通过一张图像了解人体并知道该做什么。

**Dave Wessinger:** That you can effectively drive an entire, you know,
service plan, plan of care, what's required, what their diagnosis is,
get the right, you know, treat them appropriately and personalize that.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你可以有效地驱动整个服务计划、护理计划，了解需要什么、他们的诊断是什么，获得正确的治疗，并进行个性化处理。

**Dave Wessinger:** Will be a very interesting day, and…. It's very hard
to get that wrong.

**Dave Wessinger:** 这将是非常有趣的一天，而且……这很难出错。

**Dave Wessinger:** Right? Because you're not relying on a human
response, right? You're not relying on… or a response they can't
provide, or documentation that might not be accurate. It's crystal
clear. So that advancement in terms of understanding the person.

**Dave Wessinger:**
对吧？因为你不依赖于人类的反应，对吧？你不依赖于……或者他们无法提供的反应，或者可能不准确的文档。这一切都非常清晰。所以在理解个人方面的进步。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** And to know what to do, I think will be… will be
really instrumental in driving the, kind of, the quality of care that
these people deserve.

**Dave Wessinger:**
并且知道该做什么，我认为这将……将对推动这些人应得的护理质量起到至关重要的作用。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, it feels very similar to some of the research.
I've been doing lately around… around, sort of, healthcare and.

**Alan Missen:**
是的，这感觉与我最近在医疗健康领域所做的一些研究非常相似。

**Alan Missen:** In AI, and your point around sort of scan… AI-centric
scanning technologies.

**Alan Missen:** 在AI领域，以及你关于以AI为中心的扫描技术的观点。

**Alan Missen:** And the accuracy level and the speed with which they're
delivering good data, you know, brain scans being twice as accurate.

**Alan Missen:**
以及它们提供高质量数据的准确性和速度，你知道，脑部扫描的准确性是以前的两倍。

**Alan Missen:** As the past bone scans catching people who have broken
bones, who, you know, um, x-rays weren't catching.

**Alan Missen:**
就像过去的骨骼扫描能发现那些骨折的人，而X光片却无法发现。

**Alan Missen:** Ambulatory or sort of, um…. You know, sort of
triage-related activities, getting to know the right people who have to
go to the hospital versus the ones that aren't versus EMSs.

**Alan Missen:**
门诊或者说……你知道，类似分诊的活动，识别出哪些人需要去医院，哪些人不需要，以及与急救医疗服务（EMS）的区别。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, there's a ton going on on there, for sure.

**Alan Missen:** 是的，那里肯定有很多事情在发生。

**Dave Wessinger:** Preventative early detection, obviously, is kind of
the big cost savings in the quality of life aspect.

**Dave Wessinger:**
预防性早期检测，显然，在成本节约和生活质量方面是重要的一环。

**Dave Wessinger:** But we're still human, we're still gonna vote for
those, you know, those wing knights and the stuff that's like, oh my
god, we're gonna create… So, um, how that relates to how it extends our
life or not, I'm not entirely certain, but we'll know what to do. The
question is, will we do it?

**Dave Wessinger:**
但我们仍然是人类，我们仍然会选择那些，你知道的，那些“鸡翅之夜”和那些让我们惊呼“天哪，我们要创造……”的东西。所以，这与它是否能延长我们的生命有何关系，我并不完全确定，但我们会知道该做什么。问题是，我们会去做吗？

**Alan Missen:** Yep.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** The other…. Sir, go ahead. I was just going to make
the point.

**Dave Wessinger:** 另一个……先生，请讲。我正想说一点。

**Alan Missen:** Awesome. Uh, next question. Sure, go ahead.

**Alan Missen:** 太棒了。下一个问题。当然，请讲。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, the next question….

**Alan Missen:** 下一个问题……

**Dave Wessinger:** I'm pausing.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我暂停一下。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, the next question I had was, um, any sort of
misconceptions around AI.

**Alan Missen:** 我下一个问题是，关于AI有什么误解吗？

**Alan Missen:** Within healthcare that are worth talking about.

**Alan Missen:** 在医疗健康领域，有哪些值得讨论的误解？

**Dave Wessinger:** Misconceptions. Oh…. Um.

**Dave Wessinger:** 误解。哦……嗯。

**Dave Wessinger:** That's a good question. I think it's kind of…. You
know.

**Dave Wessinger:** 这是个好问题。我认为这有点……你知道的。

**Dave Wessinger:** I don't know that there's any real misconceptions,
um, in terms of.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我不确定在……方面是否存在任何真正的误解。

**Dave Wessinger:** Are they fearful of it? I… you know, I think there's
not a fear factor.

**Dave Wessinger:** 他们害怕它吗？我……你知道，我认为不存在恐惧因素。

**Dave Wessinger:** Uh, but I think there's also a little bit of ego
around, you know, if you think about practitioners or those that.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但我认为也存在一些自负心理，你知道，如果你考虑到从业者或那些……

**Dave Wessinger:** You know, have built a profession on gaining that
knowledge around how to.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你知道，他们建立了一个职业，就是为了获得关于如何做的知识。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, that's a pretty big thing to separate from, and
I think, you know, I don't know that it's a misnomer, kind of.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这是一个很难割舍的东西，而且我认为，你知道，我不确定这是否算是一种用词不当。

**Dave Wessinger:** Misunderstood, but I do think there's areas of
healthcare that will receive this.

**Dave Wessinger:**
被误解了，但我确实认为医疗健康领域的一些方面会接受这一点。

**Dave Wessinger:** Faster than others. Um, and I think there's a huge
trust component that is a real thing, um, and so if the misconception is
that, hey, if it demonstrates an outcome, everyone's gonna run after it.

**Dave Wessinger:**
比其他领域更快。而且我认为，信任是一个非常重要的真实因素。所以如果误解是，嘿，只要它能展示出结果，大家就会蜂拥而至。

**Dave Wessinger:** I think we're gonna see, with the responsible nature
of it, the ethics, the hallucinations, the… if you're not.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为我们会看到，考虑到它的责任性、伦理、幻觉（AI幻觉：指AI模型生成看似合理但实际上是虚假或不准确信息的情况）……如果你不是。

**Dave Wessinger:** 99.99999% right, and you might otherwise kill
someone. That's bad. Right? And so, I think of the situation… we have
this today at Point Click Care, by the way, and it's not even AI.

**Dave Wessinger:**
99.99999%正确，否则你可能会害死人。那很糟糕。对吧？所以，我想到了这种情况……顺便说一句，我们今天在PointClickCare就遇到了这种情况，而且这甚至不是AI。

**Dave Wessinger:** But we make recommendations based on information in
meds that have a clinician go, oh, yeah, that makes sense, translate
that to SIG, or….

**Dave Wessinger:**
但我们根据药物信息提出建议，让临床医生觉得，“哦，是的，这有道理”，然后将其转换为SIG（用药指导：医疗处方中关于如何服用药物的简写指令），或者……

**Dave Wessinger:** However, that worked out. But the translation from,
kind of, natural language into kind of a structured.

**Dave Wessinger:** 不管结果如何。但是从自然语言到结构化语言的转换。

**Dave Wessinger:** Might make a mistake, and they have to validate
that, because it's right all the time. They'll go, yep, yep, yep. And
once in a while.

**Dave Wessinger:**
可能会出错，他们必须验证这一点，因为它总是正确的。他们会说，是的，是的，是的。但偶尔。

**Dave Wessinger:** It's wrong. Well, guess what? That actually could
kill someone. Like, for real, and so now what do you do? Do you not
enable them? Do you go backwards?

**Dave Wessinger:**
它错了。你猜怎么着？那真的可能会害死人。是真的，所以现在你该怎么办？你不启用它吗？你倒退吗？

**Alan Missen:** Absolutely.

**Alan Missen:** 当然。

**Dave Wessinger:** So, there is, like, we all talk about it. I think
the expectation of it just landing and working smoothly, and it's just
they have to get over their own ego, is one thing.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，就像我们都在谈论的那样。我认为，期望它能顺利落地并运行，并且认为这只是他们需要克服自己的自负，这是一回事。

**Dave Wessinger:** Uh, but the other part is, it really has to work.

**Dave Wessinger:** 但另一方面是，它真的必须有效。

**Dave Wessinger:** It really has to work, or you're actually doing
harm, and none of us want to do harm, and we believe that today, humans
are in the middle of ensuring that we have that validation and
verification.

**Dave Wessinger:**
它真的必须有效，否则你实际上是在造成伤害，而我们谁都不想造成伤害。我们相信，今天，人类正处于确保我们拥有那种验证和核实过程的中心。

**Dave Wessinger:** And should that become just an easy step, we're
gonna lose that, and I do worry about, kind of, just….

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果这变成了一个简单的步骤，我们就会失去这一点，我确实担心，只是……

**Dave Wessinger:** Not haphazardly, but it just becomes human nature
and behavior that invariably you create some of these cracks that are
unintended. So I think we have to pay attention to that, and I think
it's a little bit harder than we think in healthcare.

**Dave Wessinger:**
不是随意的，但这只是人类的天性和行为，你总会无意中造成一些裂痕。所以我认为我们必须注意这一点，而且我认为在医疗健康领域，这比我们想象的要困难一些。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, there are other areas where it's… you can have
kind of that error rate here, I think it's going to be pretty hard in
certain areas. Administrative tasks, not as much.

**Dave Wessinger:**
在其他领域，你可以有那样的错误率，但我认为在某些领域会非常困难。行政任务，没那么严重。

**Dave Wessinger:** Clinical-focused tasks, absolutely. So….

**Dave Wessinger:** 临床任务，绝对是。所以……

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, I totally agree with that. It's another data
point I was reading recently.

**Alan Missen:** 是的，我完全同意。这是我最近读到的另一个数据点。

**Alan Missen:** Kind of comes back to the sort of AI and trust dynamic.

**Alan Missen:** 这又回到了AI与信任的动态关系上。

**Alan Missen:** 75% of the public today, consumers, do not trust
results from AI today.

**Alan Missen:** 今天，75%的公众，也就是消费者，不信任AI产生的结果。

**Alan Missen:** And so when you sort of apply that into something as
important as healthcare, that mountain to get.

**Alan Missen:**
所以，当你把这一点应用到像医疗健康这样重要的事情上时，那座需要翻越的大山。

**Alan Missen:** Over in terms of trust is definitely a big one for us
to deal with.

**Alan Missen:** 在信任方面，绝对是我们需要处理的一个大问题。

**Dave Wessinger:** I think it's huge. Yeah, I think that's huge. You
know, we're getting close to closing out her, and I think that's why we
see you, Marina, so hello.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为这非常重要。是的，我认为这非常重要。你知道，我们快要结束了，我想这就是为什么我们看到你，Marina，你好。

**Dave Wessinger:** Uh, but I would, you know, for me, as we think about
our business and getting back to kind of what today is about, Alan,
which I think you kicked off really nicely.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但是，你知道，对我来说，当我们思考我们的业务，并回到今天的主题时，Alan，我认为你开了一个非常好的头。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and I…. I would like to say this, but I actually
would more like to ask you, what would success look like today, Alan?

**Dave Wessinger:**
我……我想说的是，但实际上我更想问你，Alan，今天的成功会是什么样子？

**Alan Missen:** Um, for me, I… it kind of comes back to the comment you
made earlier. To me, if we really.

**Alan Missen:**
对我来说，我……这又回到了你之前提到的评论。对我来说，如果我们真的。

**Alan Missen:** Create a much more robust list of really powerful use
cases that we can actually go action and move on.

**Alan Missen:**
创建一个更强大的、真正有力的用例列表，我们就可以实际采取行动并继续前进。

**Alan Missen:** That, to me, is a great outcome of today. I think
you're going to see later, I know we're chatting a little bit later
today, that we've got some pretty.

**Alan Missen:**
对我来说，这是今天的一个巨大成果。我想你稍后会看到，我知道我们今天晚些时候会聊一下，我们已经取得了一些相当不错的进展。

**Alan Missen:** Modest but decent progress across almost every
function. We've got, I think, north of about 70 different use cases.

**Alan Missen:**
在几乎每个职能部门都取得了虽然不大但还算不错的进展。我们大概有超过70个不同的用例。

**Alan Missen:** That are being looked at today. I'd love to see that
be….

**Alan Missen:** 今天正在被审视。我希望看到它能……

**Alan Missen:** You know, two, three hundred that we're looking at, and
A, and then start really working towards building that skill set to be
able to action them quickly. We had a really interesting conversation.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，我们正在研究两三百个案例，然后开始真正努力构建能够快速行动的技能。我们进行了一次非常有趣的对话。

**Alan Missen:** You know, the other day around, sort of, the investment
to do… to build an agent, and it's like, it's not… this isn't software
from 10, 15 years ago, where.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，前几天关于……投资构建一个智能体的话题，这不像……这不是十、十五年前的软件，那时候。

**Alan Missen:** You know, maybe you can build stuff, and maybe it's
only good for 3 months, and you throw it away, but the investment to get
there was so fast and so.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，也许你可以构建一些东西，但它可能只在三个月内有效，然后你就把它扔掉了，但达到那个目标的投资是如此之快，如此之……

**Alan Missen:** So quick that that's okay. And I think, you know,
getting more motion on actual action, actual product.

**Alan Missen:**
如此之快，以至于这没关系。而且我认为，你知道，在实际行动、实际产品上获得更多动力。

**Alan Missen:** To actually hit these use cases and get value at a pace
that we haven't necessarily seen before.

**Alan Missen:**
真正地应用这些用例，并以我们以前未曾见过的速度获得价值。

**Alan Missen:** That's kind of the big outcome. To me, that's the big
win.

**Alan Missen:** 这就是最大的成果。对我来说，这就是最大的胜利。

**Dave Wessinger:** I like that. There's a couple of things that jump
out to me in that, um, I think you said it on the agent side, the
manual, like, if you take calendaring and automate some of that, where
we actually create space, I mean, the amount of time we waste trying to
figure things out between.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我喜欢这个。其中有几点让我印象深刻，我想你在智能体方面提到了，手动操作，比如，如果你把日程安排自动化一部分，我们实际上创造了空间，我的意思是，我们浪费在协调……之间的时间。

**Dave Wessinger:** Busy people trying to get things on a calendar, oh
my gosh.

**Dave Wessinger:** 忙碌的人们试图把事情安排在日历上，天哪。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, but the thing that I would ask all of you to
think about is.

**Dave Wessinger:** 但是，我希望大家思考的一件事是。

**Dave Wessinger:** Recognize that AI is an amazing thought partner and
collaborator. And so, if you want to write a memo about something you
want to go do that's kind of an Amazon thing, or….

**Dave Wessinger:**
认识到AI是一个了不起的思考伙伴和合作者。所以，如果你想写一份关于你想做的事情的备忘录，这有点像亚马逊的做法，或者……

**Alan Missen:** Yep.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and so it…. It's not about PowerPoints. I mean,
they really run by memos, and if you want to really thought partner and
kind of enhance your capability in how you think about something.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以……这与PowerPoint无关。我的意思是，他们真正依靠备忘录来运作，如果你想真正成为一个思考伙伴，并提升你思考问题的方式。

**Dave Wessinger:** You become, like, your IQ goes up significantly, and
you're kind of way more prepared, way more intelligent around an aspect
of the….

**Dave Wessinger:**
你的智商会显著提高，你会对……的某个方面准备得更充分，更聪明。

**Dave Wessinger:** Whatever you're thinking about or trying to improve,
or trying to address.

**Dave Wessinger:** 无论你在思考什么，试图改进什么，或者试图解决什么。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, it's a really… and the other thing is you're not
getting judged. Chatgpt or whatever product is not judging you.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这是一个非常……另外一件事是，你不会被评判。ChatGPT（由OpenAI开发的生成式AI聊天机器人）或任何其他产品都不会评判你。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so you just iterate and iterate and iterate and
iterate, and your ideas become stronger and more thoughtful and more
appropriate, and so whether that's an email or whether that's a memo, or
whether that's, you know, sharing on kind of where you'd like to go, or
a presentation you want to give, or….

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以你只需要不断迭代，你的想法就会变得更强大、更周到、更恰当。所以无论是电子邮件、备忘录，还是分享你想去的地方，或者你想做的演讲，或者……

**Dave Wessinger:** All of those things, to me will allow you to perform
and move a lot faster. Um, we obviously use each other to collaborate,
but I would… I would ask you to kind of leverage the capabilities of
that to kind of enhance how you think about things here and the problems
that you do want to solve.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所有这些事情，对我来说，都能让你表现得更好，行动得更快。我们显然会互相协作，但我会……我会请你利用这些能力来提升你在这里思考问题和解决你确实想解决的问题的方式。

**Dave Wessinger:** So, I'll pause there, but that would be a good
outcome for me, that people recognize that's a great opportunity for
them.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，我就先说到这里，但对我来说，一个好的结果是，人们认识到这对他们来说是一个巨大的机会。

**Alan Missen:** Awesome. I love the, sort of. Um, thought, you know,
the thought partner….

**Alan Missen:** 太棒了。我喜欢那种……嗯，思考，你知道，思考伙伴……

**Alan Missen:** Idea. It's interesting, I was reading another article
in sort of the MarTech space a few weeks ago.

**Alan Missen:**
的想法。很有趣，几周前我在MarTech（营销技术）领域读到另一篇文章。

**Alan Missen:** Around, sort of, all the efforts going on around, sort
of, AI and content creation.

**Alan Missen:** 关于AI和内容创作方面的所有努力。

**Alan Missen:** In particular, that particular use case, and they used
a very similar language. They said they were leveraging it.

**Alan Missen:**
特别是那个用例，他们使用了非常相似的语言。他们说他们正在利用它。

**Alan Missen:** As really a creative ally, right? It was really a tool,
but an ally. That idea of partnership and.

**Alan Missen:**
作为一个真正的创意盟友，对吧？它确实是一个工具，但也是一个盟友。那种伙伴关系和……

**Alan Missen:** And being an ally, very much, I think, as we go into
this sort of AI-

**Alan Missen:** 成为盟友，我认为，当我们进入这种AI……

**Alan Missen:** Way to look at it, so thanks for that, Dave.

**Alan Missen:** 的看待方式，所以谢谢你，Dave。

**Dave Wessinger:** Yeah, I mean, the last thing I'll say, the
experience for me was also….

**Dave Wessinger:**
是的，我的意思是，我最后要说的是，对我的经历来说，也是……

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, what am I missing? You know, what did I do
wrong? And they're kind of, oh, you're doing a great job, but you might
want to think about it, like, oh my god, this is amazing, like, this
reinforced positive behavior that somebody would be yelling at me and
telling me I'm an idiot, but it's just like.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我错过了什么？你知道，我做错了什么？而他们会说，哦，你做得很好，但你可能需要考虑一下，就像，天哪，这太棒了，这强化了积极的行为，而不是有人会对我大喊大叫，说我是个白痴，但这就像。

**Dave Wessinger:** So, I would also say the last thing in healthcare
that I'm really excited about is, as some of these things land in
healthcare.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，我还想说，在医疗健康领域，我最兴奋的最后一件事是，随着其中一些技术在医疗健康领域的落地。

**Dave Wessinger:** Like, they're using robots in Japan, they're using
robots in, kind of, um….

**Dave Wessinger:** 比如，他们在日本使用机器人，他们在……

**Dave Wessinger:** High-risk situations, believe it or not, laundry,
right? Dirty laundry is a high-risk human kind of job.

**Dave Wessinger:**
高风险情况下，信不信由你，洗衣，对吧？脏衣服是一项高风险的人类工作。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, at least in SNFs, for sure. And so if you think
about robots starting to take over in areas in dining rooms, things in
laundry, it's going to be a point where they help ambulate and they do
some basic things, and they minimize elopement issues, and all of this
stuff where….

**Dave Wessinger:**
至少在SNF（专业护理机构）中是肯定的。所以如果你想到机器人在餐厅、洗衣房等区域开始接管工作，它们会帮助行走，做一些基本的事情，减少走失问题，以及所有这些……

**Dave Wessinger:** We're kind of powering in that, kind of, what's
interesting about that, and what I've heard from our customers is.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我们正在推动这方面的发展，有趣的是，我从客户那里听到的是。

**Dave Wessinger:** As a companion, they're more inclined of a kind of
engage more with a robot than a human for the judge ass. There's a huge
judging aspect here that kind of goes away that I think is really
interesting as you engage with it.

**Dave Wessinger:**
作为一个伴侣，他们更倾向于与机器人而不是人类进行更多的互动，以避免被评判。这里有一个巨大的评判因素，当你与它互动时，这种评判感就消失了，我认为这非常有趣。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and maybe the interesting thing is to create an
IA agent that judges you. That would be kind of a fun tool. No, kidding.
I'm kidding.

**Dave Wessinger:**
也许有趣的是创建一个能评判你的AI智能体。那会是个有趣的工具。不，开玩笑的。我开玩笑的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, but, uh, anyways, lots of fun. Uh, big day
ahead. We're, uh, we're a little bit over time, and I'll let you get on
with the day, and I'm excited for all of you that have decided to make
room for this today. Really important for us.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但是，总之，很有趣。前面还有重要的一天。我们……我们有点超时了，我让你们继续今天的工作，我为所有决定今天为这件事腾出时间的人感到兴奋。这对我们非常重要。

**Dave Wessinger:** Really important for you, um, because I would tell
you the last thing I would say here.

**Dave Wessinger:**
对你们来说非常重要，因为我想告诉你们，我在这里要说的最后一件事。

**Dave Wessinger:** Is our job descriptions for everybody in the company
will change.

**Dave Wessinger:** 是我们公司每个人的职位描述都会改变。

**Dave Wessinger:** Your job description today is already out of date,
and we need to make sure that what you think your job is today, if
you're not growing.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你今天的职位描述已经过时了，我们需要确保，如果你不成长，你今天认为的工作内容。

**Dave Wessinger:** It's not… you have to have that… that mindset of,
uh, what are you a beginner at? What are you learning? Absolutely
critical, and we will be evaluating. Aristia's not here, just slap me,
but we will be evaluating on your progress with AI capability.

**Dave Wessinger:**
不是……你必须有那种……那种心态，你在什么方面是初学者？你在学习什么？这绝对至关重要，我们将会进行评估。Aristia不在这里，不然她会打我，但我们将会评估你在AI能力方面的进展。

**Dave Wessinger:** That's a necessary piece, and I think Mike talked
with Toby from Shopify the other night.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这是必要的一环，我想Mike前几天晚上和Shopify的Toby谈过。

**Dave Wessinger:** Uh, and that was kind of a key indicator, is all of
our performance reviews will have an element of AI to it. What have you
done? Have you progressed? What are you learning? It's just too
important for us. We can't miss this one.

**Dave Wessinger:**
那是一个关键指标，我们所有的绩效评估都将包含AI的元素。你做了什么？你进步了吗？你在学习什么？这对我们来说太重要了。我们不能错过这个机会。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so it's not okay to be, eh, I don't care about
AI. That's not… that's just not cool. It's not cool to miss school.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，说“哦，我不在乎AI”是不行的。那……那太不酷了。逃学可不酷。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, so, with that, I'll, uh, I'll pause. Thank you
all for being here.

**Dave Wessinger:** 那么，就到这里，我暂停一下。谢谢大家来到这里。

**Alan Missen:** Dave, thank you so much. That was… that was awesome. I
loved, uh, love sort of the back and forth there. And so with that,
Marina, I think we're ready for our first use case.

**Alan Missen:**
Dave，非常感谢。那……那太棒了。我喜欢……喜欢那里的来回交流。那么，Marina，我想我们准备好迎接第一个用例了。

**Alan Missen:** And we'll move into those. All right.

**Alan Missen:** 我们将进入这些环节。好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Absolutely. Yes, thank you both for jumping on
and sharing your thoughts this morning. And again, we have lots of
questions in the chat and in the Q&A that we'll be sharing with you
directly to be answered, uh, because we are a little bit over time, so I
appreciate it. Thank you so much!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
当然。是的，感谢两位今天早上加入并分享你们的想法。再次强调，我们在聊天区和问答区有很多问题，我们会直接分享给你们来回答，因为我们有点超时了，所以我很感激。非常感谢！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thanks, Dave. Thanks, Alan. All right, first up
is our first use case. He's here to kick us off.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
谢谢，Dave。谢谢，Alan。好的，首先是我们的第一个用例。他将为我们拉开序幕。

**Marina Stojanovic:** His name is Akif Sheikh, and he's going to get us
started.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 他的名字是Akif Sheikh，他将为我们开始。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So I keep… go ahead and start sharing your
screen.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 所以我……请开始分享你的屏幕。

## 用例展示：AI驱动的项目管理与洞察

### 用例1：Aakif Sheikh - 集成Copilot Studio与Power Automate的AI助手

**Aakif Shaik:** All right, thank you, Marina. Are you able to see my
screen?

**Aakif Shaik:** 好的，谢谢你，Marina。你能看到我的屏幕吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thank you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 谢谢。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I can see you! We cannot see your screen now.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我能看到你！但现在我们看不到你的屏幕。

**Marina Stojanovic:** There we go! All right. Thanks, I keep… take it
away.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好了！好的。谢谢，Akif……请开始吧。

**Aakif Shaik:** Okay, awesome. Sweet. Alright, hello everyone. My name
is Akif Sheikh. I am a business transformation co-op in the SDO.

**Aakif Shaik:** 好的，太棒了。很好。大家好。我叫Akif
Sheikh。我是SDO（战略交付办公室）的一名业务转型实习生。

**Aakif Shaik:** And over the past few weeks, I've been working on
building an AI-powered co-pilot agent that integrates with Copilot
Studio and Power Automate.

**Aakif Shaik:** 在过去几周里，我一直在致力于构建一个与Copilot
Studio和Power Automate集成的AI驱动的Copilot智能体。

**Aakif Shaik:** And for those of you who aren't familiar with AHA, it
is a product or a project management tool that teams use to be able to
track and manage their work.

**Aakif Shaik:**
对于那些不熟悉Aha!的人来说，它是一个产品或项目管理工具，团队用它来跟踪和管理他们的工作。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, within the SDO, we essentially use AHA to track
and manage our key initiatives, like the go-to markets and the
product-to-cash program.

**Aakif Shaik:**
因此，在SDO内部，我们主要使用Aha!来跟踪和管理我们的关键举措，比如市场推广（go-to-market）和产品到现金（product-to-cash）项目。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so the problem that I was really focused on was,
how can I make it easier for people, whether they're a program manager
or someone within the team who's trying to access and get a quick
update, to be able to use an AI-powered assistant to do that. And so, if
you've ever found yourself thinking, hey, I just want a quick status
update without jumping between different tools.

**Aakif Shaik:**
我真正关注的问题是，如何让人们，无论是项目经理还是团队中试图获取快速更新的成员，能够更轻松地使用AI驱动的助手来完成这项工作。所以，如果你曾发现自己想，“嘿，我只想快速了解状态，而不想在不同工具之间切换”。

**Aakif Shaik:** Then this one's for you. And so, where we're at on our
current journey is, right at that pilot stage, where we're testing out
use cases.

**Aakif Shaik:**
那么这个就是为你准备的。我们目前的旅程正处于试点阶段，我们正在测试用例。

**Aakif Shaik:** As well as adding additional use cases, and so once we
get to that full functionality, is when we want to move to the full
adoption.

**Aakif Shaik:**
同时也在增加额外的用例，一旦我们实现了全部功能，我们就会转向全面采用。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, going to the demo stage. Here is a little bit
of a walkthrough of what the UI interface looks like for Copilot Studio.

**Aakif Shaik:** 那么，进入演示阶段。这里是Copilot
Studio用户界面（UI）的一个简要介绍。

**Aakif Shaik:** And as you can see here, I'm going to start off by
giving it a simple prompt by asking it, hey, what are the activities
that are currently due this week?

**Aakif Shaik:**
正如你在这里看到的，我将从一个简单的提示开始，问它：“嘿，本周有哪些活动到期？”

**Aakif Shaik:** Right? And so, once I go ahead and do that, you can see
on the left side of the screen that it starts to execute a flow. And so
what this co-pilot agent is currently doing is using Power Automate,
which is integrated with Araha, to pull in information on activities
that are currently due this week.

**Aakif Shaik:**
对吧？一旦我这样做，你可以在屏幕左侧看到它开始执行一个流程。这个Copilot智能体目前正在做的是使用与Aha!集成的Power
Automate，来提取本周到期的活动信息。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, here you go, it's particularly focused on GTM,
which is a go-to market program, and it shows us the names of the
activities due this week, along with their due dates.

**Aakif Shaik:**
好了，它特别关注GTM（Go-to-Market：市场推广）项目，并向我们显示了本周到期的活动名称及其截止日期。

**Aakif Shaik:** And this is great, and so let's say we want to take it
a little bit of a step further and say, hey, how can we go ahead and get
specific details for each of these activities, right? So I'm gonna go
ahead and give it another prompt now, asking it, I want to know the
status of a particular activity.

**Aakif Shaik:**
这很棒，那么让我们再进一步，说：“嘿，我们如何获取每个活动的具体细节？”对吧？所以我现在要给它另一个提示，问它：“我想知道某个特定活动的状态。”

**Aakif Shaik:** So, once again, you can see on the left side there,
it's executing a different flow now, um, which is asking for which
activity would I like to check. And so, I want to give it the name of
that particular activity.

**Aakif Shaik:**
所以，再次，你可以在左侧看到，它现在正在执行一个不同的流程，询问我想检查哪个活动。因此，我要告诉它那个特定活动的名称。

**Aakif Shaik:** And once I do that, that's when it starts to execute a
different flow.

**Aakif Shaik:** 一旦我这样做了，它就会开始执行一个不同的流程。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so now in this flow, the output is going to be
different, because it is going to be focused on this particular activity
and getting us the status updates. So here we go, gives us the name,
what the current status is.

**Aakif Shaik:**
所以现在在这个流程中，输出将会不同，因为它将专注于这个特定的活动并为我们获取状态更新。好了，它给出了名称，当前的状态是什么。

**Aakif Shaik:** What the due date is, as well as who it is assigned to.

**Aakif Shaik:** 截止日期是什么，以及分配给了谁。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, this is what the current functionality of the
agent looks like, and so going a little bit of what's under the hood.

**Aakif Shaik:**
这就是这个智能体当前的功能。现在我们来看看它的内部工作原理。

**Aakif Shaik:** If you want to add additional functionalities, you
essentially add them as topics until you start off with a trigger, and
then a question.

**Aakif Shaik:**
如果你想添加额外的功能，你基本上是将它们作为主题添加，直到你从一个触发器开始，然后是一个问题。

**Aakif Shaik:** And then the action. So this is where you want to
integrate your Power Automate flow with it. And lastly, you have your
output message.

**Aakif Shaik:** 然后是动作。这就是你想要将Power
Automate流程与之集成的地方。最后，你会有你的输出信息。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so the same thing goes, um, you know, for the other
flow as well, which covers what is due this week. And so, this trigger
is really important because this is what the agent uses to differentiate
on what your ask is.

**Aakif Shaik:**
同样地，对于另一个流程也是如此，它涵盖了本周到期的任务。这个触发器非常重要，因为智能体用它来区分你的请求是什么。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, um, once again, you have your flow, as well as
your final message. And so, for those of you that are curious to see,
you know, what this Power Automate flow looks like, feel free to reach
out, and I'll be happy to give you a walkthrough after this call as
well.

**Aakif Shaik:**
所以，再次，你有你的流程，以及你的最终信息。对于那些好奇想看看这个Power
Automate流程是什么样子的朋友，请随时联系我，我很乐意在这次通话后也给你们做一个演示。

**Aakif Shaik:** So now, moving on to, you know, really talking about
impact, right? And so what this tool really allows teams to do is
transform how they access project updates. So having this AI-powered
assistant allows you to just, you know, minimize the use of switching
over different tools, as well as digging through different dashboards.

**Aakif Shaik:**
现在，我们来谈谈影响，对吧？这个工具真正让团队能够改变他们获取项目更新的方式。拥有这个AI驱动的助手，可以让你减少在不同工具之间切换的次数，以及在不同仪表盘中挖掘信息的麻烦。

**Aakif Shaik:** And actually just be able to get detailed, focused
answers through a simple question.

**Aakif Shaik:** 并且能够通过一个简单的问题获得详细、集中的答案。

**Aakif Shaik:** Now, the lessons learned for me in this journey were
definitely to start small and build iteratively. So following up on what
Dave had said earlier, it was, you know, starting off with a simple use
case, testing out a sample set of data, and continuously building on
that to make sure that it didn't get overwhelmed.

**Aakif Shaik:**
在这次旅程中，我学到的教训绝对是從小處著手，迭代構建。接續Dave之前所說的，就是從一個簡單的用例開始，測試一組樣本數據，並在此基礎上不斷構建，以確保不會不堪重負。

**Aakif Shaik:** And then, you know, getting to the stage where we're
at, where we're working with all of the complex data.

**Aakif Shaik:**
然后，你知道，进入我们现在的阶段，我们正在处理所有复杂的数据。

**Aakif Shaik:** Now, how we can help others at PCC, so teams can
definitely use, um, you know, Copilot agents for various purposes, and
so one thing I can think of would be for the product team to be able to,
you know, build a co-pilot agent that integrates with their product
roadmap, so that teams can get status of where they're at in the entire
product roadmap journey.

**Aakif Shaik:**
现在，我们如何能帮助PCC（PointClickCare）的其他人，团队绝对可以出于各种目的使用Copilot智能体。我能想到的一个例子是，产品团队可以构建一个与他们的产品路线图集成的Copilot智能体，这样团队就能了解他们在整个产品路线图旅程中的进展状态。

**Aakif Shaik:** This can also be useful for teams that use Jira, so be
able to get quick status updates on what the JIRA, um, you know.

**Aakif Shaik:**
这对于使用Jira（一款流行的项目管理和问题跟踪软件）的团队也很有用，可以快速获取Jira的状态更新。

**Aakif Shaik:** Dashboard basically states. And lastly, the responsible
use of AI. So, this project aligns with the responsible AI guidelines.

**Aakif Shaik:**
仪表盘基本上显示了什么。最后，是负责任地使用AI。这个项目符合负责任AI的指导方针。

**Aakif Shaik:** Because it focuses on transparency and user control.
The co-pilot agent that you saw earlier delivers clear information
directly from AHA without actually, you know, making any decisions on
behalf of the user. And it does this accurate information.

**Aakif Shaik:**
因为它注重透明度和用户控制。你之前看到的Copilot智能体直接从Aha!提供清晰的信息，而不会代表用户做出任何决定。它提供的是准确的信息。

**Aakif Shaik:** And make sure that there is no bias in the response as
well, making sure that all of this data is secure. And so with that, I
want to conclude my presentation, um, and thank you.

**Aakif Shaik:**
并确保回应中没有偏见，同时确保所有这些数据的安全。就此，我想结束我的演讲，谢谢大家。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I'm using a Keith. We really appreciate your
presentation, and we'd love to hear from anyone that has any questions
in the Q&A function.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我正在使用一个工具。我们非常感谢您的演讲，并希望在问答环节听到任何人的提问。

**Marina Stojanovic:** For Akiv, I know we're seeing a lot of activity
in the chat as well. We are loving your presentation, Akif. Way to go!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
对于Akif，我知道我们在聊天中也看到了很多活动。我们非常喜欢你的演讲，Akif。干得好！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Great job. All right, so other than saying please
and thank you to your AI robots, we don't really have any questions for
you, Akiv, so thank you, everyone's really excited.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
干得好。好的，除了对你的AI机器人说“请”和“谢谢”之外，我们对你并没有什么问题，Akif，所以谢谢你，大家都很兴奋。

**Marina Stojanovic:** For your use case, and if there are any future
questions for Aki.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 对于你的用例，如果未来有任何关于Aki的问题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** We will be able to take them down and send them
to him directly afterwards. If you think of anything, uh, later.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们会记录下来并稍后直接发送给他。如果你稍后想到任何问题。

**Aakif Shaik:** Thank you

**Aakif Shaik:** 谢谢你。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So, I want to turn it over to my… thank you
again. I want to turn it over to my co-host, Kat Canarusa.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
所以，我想把……再次感谢你。我想把话筒交给我的联合主持人，Kat Canarusa。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Take it away.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 请开始吧。

### 主持人互动：AI生成冷笑话

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Thank you, Akif, that was great. Uh, we promise to
keep things moving, um, only occasionally making you question if we are
actually AI-generated avatars.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
谢谢你，Akif，非常棒。我们保证会继续推进，只是偶尔会让你们怀疑我们是否真的是AI生成的虚拟形象。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Spoiler alert, we're not. Um…. If you've just
joined us, please use the QR code on the screen, scan it, and tell us a
little bit about your own AI journey. We'd love to hear from you.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
剧透一下，我们不是。如果你刚刚加入我们，请使用屏幕上的二维码，扫描它，并告诉我们一些关于你自己的AI旅程。我们很想听听你的故事。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So, while we wait for our next presenter, we
thought we'll get you to try a few things in Copilot.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
所以，在等待下一位演讲者的时候，我们想让大家在Copilot里尝试一些东西。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So please open Copilot on a web browser, and enter
a very.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 所以请在网页浏览器中打开Copilot，并输入一个非常。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Uh, interesting prompt for us. Um, so please ask
Copilot, tell me a dad joke that's actually funny.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
有趣的提示。请问Copilot，给我讲一个真正好笑的冷笑话。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And when you're done laughing, uh. Please tell us
what the joke was, and what your favorite joke was. I'm sure Copilot is
going to give you quite a few.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
笑完之后，请告诉我们那个笑话是什么，以及你最喜欢的笑话是哪个。我相信Copilot会给你很多选择。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, I wanted to share what Copilot said to me. So
here's my dad joke. It was actually really funny. Why did the math book
look sad?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我想分享一下Copilot对我说的话。这是我的冷笑话。它真的很好笑。为什么数学书看起来很伤心？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Because it had too many problems. I thought that
was quite funny. Um, what about you, Rusa? What responses did you get?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
因为它有太多问题了。我觉得那挺好笑的。你呢，Rusa？你得到了什么回应？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So, I have such mixed feelings on dad jokes and
mom jokes, because I almost never laugh.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我对爸爸笑话和妈妈笑话有很复杂的感情，因为我几乎从不笑。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, mostly I groan when I hear them. Uh, but
the one that I got was, why do dads take an extra pair of socks when
they go golfing?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
大多数时候我听到它们都会呻吟。但我听到的一个是，为什么爸爸们去打高尔夫球时会多带一双袜子？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** In case they get a hole in one. I was like, you
know what? That's pretty amusing, I'll take that, that's not too bad.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 以防他们一杆进洞（hole in
one，双关语，也指袜子上破了个洞）。我就想，你知道吗？这挺有趣的，我接受了，还不错。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Let's see what we're getting in the audience
here. Lots of people. Alright, so I see, why don't skeletons fight each
other? Because they don't have the guts.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
让我们看看观众的反应。很多人。好的，我看到一个：为什么骷髅不互相打架？因为他们没有胆量（guts，双关语，也指内脏）。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Wow, I see so many. Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 哇，我看到了好多。是的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's a really fun one.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 那真是一个有趣的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That one made me love! That's a pretty high
bar! Maya also got the golfing joke.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
那个让我爱上了！标准真高！Maya也听到了那个高尔夫笑话。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** A lot of people got the skeletons. What do you
call a factory that makes okay products?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
很多人都听到了骷髅的笑话。你管一个生产还过得去产品的工厂叫什么？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** A satisfactory. Really, really amazing.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
一个令人满意的工厂（satisfactory，双关语，也指“令人满意的”）。真的，太棒了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I… I wondered if Pam is on already, and is all set
up?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我……我想知道Pam是否已经上线，并且一切都准备好了？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes, she is.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的，她在了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Awesome! Pam, take it away! So, next, you welcome
Pam. Our next use case is on Gainsight, being presented by Pam from
Customer Success. Over to you, Pam.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
太棒了！Pam，请开始吧！接下来，欢迎Pam。我们的下一个用例是关于Gainsight的，由客户成功团队的Pam来介绍。交给你了，Pam。

### 用例2：Pam Martin - Gainsight中的AI应用

**Hazelle Florencio:** I am! Hi!

**Hazelle Florencio:** 我在！嗨！

**Hazelle Florencio:** Terrific! Thank you. I'll start with, can you see
me?

**Hazelle Florencio:** 太棒了！谢谢你。我先问一下，你能看到我吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** We can see you, although you're showing up as
Hazel, but we're just gonna have you double as Hazel today.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我们能看到你，虽然你显示的名字是Hazel，但今天我们就让你兼任Hazel吧。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** We can. Yep.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我们可以。是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Oh, there you go! Here's Tom again! All right.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 哦，好了！Tom又来了！好的。

**Pam Martin:** Well, it's a compliment, really, so…. Okay, terrific.
I'm going to share my screen here, and we'll make sure that that works.

**Pam Martin:**
嗯，这其实是一种赞美，所以……好的，太棒了。我现在要分享我的屏幕，确保它能正常工作。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes! Over to you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 好的！交给你了。

**Pam Martin:** Let me know when you can see that. Oh, here we go.

**Pam Martin:** 当你能看到的时候告诉我。哦，好了。

**Pam Martin:** Okay, can you see my screen okay? Terrific! Well, thank
you, everyone. Uh, as mentioned, my name is Pam Martin, not Hazel.

**Pam Martin:**
好的，你能清楚地看到我的屏幕吗？太棒了！谢谢大家。如前所述，我叫Pam
Martin，不是Hazel。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yep! Yeah, we can see it now.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的！是的，我们现在能看到了。

**Pam Martin:** Um, and I am a director in customer success. Today, I'm
going to talk to you about Gainsight.

**Pam Martin:**
我是客户成功部门的一名总监。今天，我要和大家谈谈Gainsight（一款客户成功管理平台）。

**Pam Martin:** Gainsight is a platform used by customer success to help
manage the post-sales relationship, and today we're going to talk to you
a little bit about how we're using that to uncover risk and trends in
our.

**Pam Martin:**
Gainsight是客户成功团队用来帮助管理售后关系的一个平台，今天我们将和大家谈谈我们如何利用它来发现我们客户群中的风险和趋势。

**Pam Martin:** Customer base. So, for those of you who don't know what
customer success is, it provides strategic guidance and expertise to
accelerate customer outcomes.

**Pam Martin:**
客户群。对于那些不知道什么是客户成功的人来说，它提供战略指导和专业知识，以加速客户成果的实现。

**Pam Martin:** And realize the vision and value of the point-click care
platform. Those are fancy words for. We have deep.

**Pam Martin:**
并实现PointClickCare平台的愿景和价值。这些华丽的辞藻背后，是我们与客户建立了深厚的关系。

**Pam Martin:** Relationships with our customers, we meet with them on a
regular basis to help ensure that they are realizing value, so they want
to be customers, stay with us forever, and that we're discovering
opportunities with them.

**Pam Martin:**
我们与客户保持着密切关系，定期与他们会面，以确保他们正在实现价值，从而愿意成为我们的客户，永远与我们在一起，并且我们与他们一起发现机会。

**Pam Martin:** To help them achieve their goals. And, uh, and us
discover how we have other products that can help them achieve that.

**Pam Martin:**
帮助他们实现目标。并且，我们也能发现我们有哪些其他产品可以帮助他们实现这些目标。

**Pam Martin:** So, how AI is helping us today, it's saving us time,
it's providing a holistic account insight.

**Pam Martin:**
那么，今天AI是如何帮助我们的呢？它为我们节省了时间，提供了全面的客户洞察。

**Pam Martin:** And also trends across all customers. So, Gainsight
itself is the core platform, and we have a lot of other platforms that
feed information into it that help give us a holistic insight into our
customers and what's happening with them.

**Pam Martin:**
以及所有客户的趋势。Gainsight本身是核心平台，我们还有许多其他平台向其提供信息，帮助我们全面了解我们的客户以及他们的情况。

**Pam Martin:** So the first one I'm going to dig into here is the Gong
integration.

**Pam Martin:** 我要深入探讨的第一个是Gong（一款对话智能平台）的集成。

**Pam Martin:** Gong itself creates a summary of action items and
automated notes.

**Pam Martin:** Gong本身会创建行动项摘要和自动化笔记。

**Pam Martin:** Um, this populates directly into, um, Gainsight. Saving
CSMs time, because they don't have to do that, allowing them to be more
present in their meetings, and those action items can be converted right
to tasks.

**Pam Martin:**
这会直接填充到Gainsight中。为客户成功经理（CSM）节省了时间，因为他们不必再做这件事，让他们能更专注于会议，而这些行动项可以直接转换为任务。

**Pam Martin:** Making it easy for them to follow up. On the right-hand
side here, you're going to see AI-generated sentiment.

**Pam Martin:** 方便他们跟进。在右侧，你会看到AI生成的情绪分析。

**Pam Martin:** And that's really cool, because it really goes through
the automated notes and picks up the overall sentiment, removing any
bias that people might have about how they felt that conversation went.

**Pam Martin:**
这真的很酷，因为它会真正地分析自动化笔记并捕捉整体情绪，消除了人们可能对谈话感受的任何偏见。

**Pam Martin:** So good insight for the team. The next one we're going
to chat about briefly here is drafting emails with Copilot. Hopefully,
everyone is doing this today already.

**Pam Martin:**
这对团队来说是很好的洞察。接下来我们要简要讨论的是用Copilot起草邮件。希望大家今天已经开始这样做了。

**Pam Martin:** But it really helps take that idea, make it concise,
make it, um, land better with customers, and really elevate it.

**Pam Martin:**
但它确实有助于将想法变得简洁，让客户更容易接受，并真正提升其水平。

**Pam Martin:** While we're in, um, Copilot with, um, Outlook, we also
have the ability to leverage Gainsight Assist to take those emails that
we're drafting and put them right into timeline. And we're going to talk
in a second here about why timeline is so important to us.

**Pam Martin:** 当我们在Outlook中使用Copilot时，我们还可以利用Gainsight
Assist将我们正在起草的邮件直接放入时间线中。我们稍后会谈到为什么时间线对我们如此重要。

**Pam Martin:** So timeline, what we're looking at here, is an
account-level timeline, and it captures everything that happens in the
account.

**Pam Martin:**
所以时间线，我们现在看到的是一个账户级别的时间线，它记录了账户中发生的一切。

**Pam Martin:** There's no AI magic here. We're gonna get to that in
just a second.

**Pam Martin:** 这里没有AI的魔力。我们马上就会讲到。

**Pam Martin:** But what it does is it captures all these activities
that give us the full picture of what's happening in the account.

**Pam Martin:**
但它的作用是捕捉所有这些活动，让我们全面了解账户中发生的情况。

**Pam Martin:** So whether that's programmed, um, messages that they're
receiving, um, how they're managing risk in the account, managing NPS
detractors.

**Pam Martin:**
所以无论是他们收到的程序化信息，还是他们如何管理账户风险，管理NPS（净推荐值）的批评者。

**Pam Martin:** Those meetings that get posted there. So all of that
goes into the timeline.

**Pam Martin:** 那些发布在那里的会议。所有这些都会进入时间线。

**Pam Martin:** So now, this is an account view, and you can see how
really rich that can do… create information.

**Pam Martin:**
所以现在，这是一个账户视图，你可以看到它能创造出多么丰富的信息。

**Pam Martin:** And if without AI cheat sheet, you have to go through
every single one of those to see what's going on.

**Pam Martin:**
如果没有AI备忘单，你必须逐一查看所有这些信息才能了解情况。

**Pam Martin:** But, with AI cheat sheet, it gives us a summary of the
last 6 months of what's happening at that account level.

**Pam Martin:**
但是，有了AI备忘单，它为我们提供了过去6个月在该账户级别发生的事情的摘要。

**Pam Martin:** And this is really powerful, because it eliminates the
recency effect, where people often only reflect on.

**Pam Martin:**
这非常强大，因为它消除了近因效应，即人们通常只反思最近发生的事情。

**Pam Martin:** You know, our memory goes back only so far, because
we're all so busy. So you're thinking about, oh, what happened last
week? What happened last month?

**Pam Martin:**
你知道，我们的记忆只能追溯到一定程度，因为我们都太忙了。所以你会想，哦，上周发生了什么？上个月发生了什么？

**Pam Martin:** And a lot of times after that, it gets lost, so it pulls
out some really key information in here that's valuable for the CSM.

**Pam Martin:**
很多时候，之后的信息就丢失了，所以它从中提取了一些对客户成功经理（CSM）非常有价值的关键信息。

**Pam Martin:** But even valuable in how we use this cross-functionally.
So we have other teams that can then… we can share this with them.

**Pam Martin:**
但在我们跨职能使用它时也很有价值。所以我们有其他团队可以……我们可以与他们分享这个。

**Pam Martin:** So think about if we have an escalation, if we have a
customer who wants, um, to discuss product, um, we can pull this.

**Pam Martin:**
所以想一想，如果我们有升级事件，如果我们有客户想要讨论产品，我们可以提取这个。

**Pam Martin:** Summary of the account and share it with them. So, the…
as we're looking at this.

**Pam Martin:** 账户摘要并与他们分享。所以，当我们看这个的时候。

**Pam Martin:** We do ask the CSMs to look at this and think about what
they're seeing critically. Does it cover all the right information? Is
there anything that's missing here?

**Pam Martin:**
我们确实要求客户成功经理（CSM）审视这个，并批判性地思考他们看到了什么。它是否涵盖了所有正确的信息？这里是否有什么遗漏？

**Pam Martin:** And so, they do have the option of adding notes to it if
they feel like it's not accurately giving the full picture.

**Pam Martin:**
所以，如果他们觉得它没有准确地给出全貌，他们确实可以选择添加注释。

**Pam Martin:** So the cheat sheet, again, is at the account level, and
this is where things get super exciting.

**Pam Martin:**
所以这个备忘单，再次强调，是在账户级别的，而这正是事情变得超级令人兴奋的地方。

**Pam Martin:** So, coming soon, they're launching something, or they
just launched, sorry, we're just about to implement something called
Signal Mining using.

**Pam Martin:**
所以，很快，他们将推出一个东西，或者他们刚刚推出了，抱歉，我们正准备实施一个叫做“信号挖掘”的东西，使用。

**Pam Martin:** Ai in Gainsight. So, signal mining allows us to look
across all of the timelines for all of the accounts. So now we'll be
able to prompt it to ask questions about expansion opportunities.

**Pam Martin:**
Gainsight中的AI。信号挖掘让我们能够查看所有账户的所有时间线。所以现在我们能够提示它询问关于扩展机会的问题。

**Pam Martin:** Regional trends, competitor mentions, product mentions,
advocacy quotes, and more. So imagine the power of saying, hey, we want
to talk to our customers, or we want to know what customers are talking
about skin and wound.

**Pam Martin:**
区域趋势、竞争对手提及、产品提及、支持者引言等等。所以想象一下，说“嘿，我们想和我们的客户谈谈，或者我们想知道客户在谈论皮肤和伤口什么”的力量。

**Pam Martin:** And entering in the prompt saying, provide me a list of
every customer that's talking about skin and wound in the last 3 months.

**Pam Martin:**
并在提示中输入：“请提供一份过去3个月内所有谈论皮肤和伤口的客户名单。”

**Pam Martin:** And what they're saying about it. And providing that
information cross-functionally. So we're about to unlock some really
powerful information and insights to the organization.

**Pam Martin:**
以及他们对此的看法。并将这些信息跨职能地提供。所以我们即将为组织解锁一些非常强大的信息和洞察。

**Pam Martin:** Very exciting. So to summarize, it's saving us time,
it's providing holistic account insights, and we're shortly going to be
able to see trends across all accounts.

**Pam Martin:**
非常令人兴奋。总结一下，它为我们节省了时间，提供了全面的客户洞察，并且我们很快就能看到所有客户的趋势。

**Pam Martin:** Ai, what we've learned is that it's only as accurate as
the information that's going in. So for Customer Success Managers.

**Pam Martin:**
AI，我们学到的是，它的准确性取决于输入的信息。所以对于客户成功经理来说。

**Pam Martin:** If it… if it isn't in Gainsight, it didn't happen. It's
really important that everything goes in there. We encourage you to look
at the tools that you're using today, understand what AI capabilities
that it has.

**Pam Martin:**
如果……如果它不在Gainsight里，那它就没发生过。所有信息都录入进去非常重要。我们鼓励你审视你今天正在使用的工具，了解它具备哪些AI能力。

**Pam Martin:** And ensure that you're leveraging it to its maximum
capacity. And lastly, I'll just mention here that we still really need
to ensure that we're looking at the outputs of it critically. We're
looking at for completeness and accuracy.

**Pam Martin:**
并确保你正在最大限度地利用它。最后，我只想在这里提一下，我们仍然需要确保我们批判性地审视它的输出。我们关注的是完整性和准确性。

**Pam Martin:** All right, and with that, I'm going to open it up to any
questions that anyone might have.

**Pam Martin:** 好的，就此，我将开放提问环节，欢迎大家提问。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Amazing. We actually had a question from you from
Alan. About the application of your, um, of your use case, and the
question is….

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。我们实际上收到了Alan关于你的用例应用的一个问题，问题是……

**Pam Martin:** Okay.

**Pam Martin:** 好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Let me just get to the right screen here. The
question is.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 让我切换到正确的屏幕。问题是。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Any sense of time savings being seen by the team
since turning on these tools?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
自从启用这些工具以来，团队是否感受到了任何时间上的节省？

**Pam Martin:** That's a great question, and I think the cheat sheet
we've had on for a while.

**Pam Martin:** 这是个好问题，我想我们已经使用那个备忘单有一段时间了。

**Pam Martin:** Um, so we haven't done, uh, but we haven't really done
the math on what that's saving us.

**Pam Martin:**
所以我们还没有……但我们还没有真正计算过它为我们节省了多少。

**Pam Martin:** But something definitely for us to look into. What I'm
really excited about, Alan, though, is the ability to look across all of
the accounts.

**Pam Martin:**
但这绝对是我们需要研究的事情。不过，Alan，我真正兴奋的是能够查看所有账户的能力。

**Pam Martin:** And then understand how that's saving us time when we
think about that's something we're doing manually today, is saying, hey,
customer success managers.

**Pam Martin:**
然后理解这如何为我们节省时间，当我们想到我们今天手动做的事情，就是说，嘿，客户成功经理们。

**Pam Martin:** Who has customers that are talking about skin and wound.
Now we'll just be able to do that without having to ask them.

**Pam Martin:**
谁有客户在谈论皮肤和伤口。现在我们就能做到这一点，而无需去问他们。

**Pam Martin:** And then only bring them into conversations when we need
to dig deeper on particular points or concepts.

**Pam Martin:**
然后只在我们需要深入探讨特定要点或概念时才将他们带入对话。

**Marina Stojanovic:** That's amazing. There's a lot of excitement about
your use case in the chat. I hope you get to the chat afterwards and
kind of bask in the glow of all of the positivity.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。聊天中对你的用例有很多兴奋的讨论。我希望你之后能去看看聊天记录，感受一下所有积极的氛围。

**Pam Martin:** Yeah.

**Pam Martin:** 是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, we love your presentation. A lot of people
are saying that this is a very big deal. It's a game changer for a lot
of, um.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们很喜欢你的演讲。很多人都说这是一件大事。对很多人来说，这是一个改变游戏规则的东西。

**Marina Stojanovic:** A lot of folks, so a lot of the cheat sheet
concept, lots and lots of positivity for you, Pam. So thank you again.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
很多人，所以备忘单的概念，对你来说，Pam，充满了积极的评价。再次感谢你。

**Pam Martin:** Super. Thanks for having me!

**Pam Martin:** 太棒了。谢谢你们邀请我！

**Marina Stojanovic:** For your presentation, and then again, I'll…. I
will turn it over to Kit Keenerousa.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 感谢你的演讲，然后再次，我将……我将把话筒交给Kit
Keenerousa。

### 主持人互动：AI辅助项目总结

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Thanks again, Pam. Uh, so if you're just
joining us for the first time now, we have a QR code. We'd love to hear
a little bit about your AI journey, so you can use that off your phone.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
再次感谢，Pam。如果你是第一次加入我们，我们有一个二维码。我们很想了解一下你的AI旅程，你可以用手机扫描它。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, while we wait for our next presenter, we
want you to drop this into your co-pilot. So we'll drop the prompt into
the chat as well.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
在我们等待下一位演讲者的时候，我们希望你把这个输入到你的Copilot中。我们也会把提示放到聊天里。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Ask it to summarize key insights, trends, and
action items from all recent documents.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
让它总结所有近期文档中的关键洞察、趋势和行动项。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Emails, and meetings about whatever topic you
like. Um, while we're waiting for people to do that.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
邮件和会议，关于任何你喜欢的主题。在我们等待大家操作的时候。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Keki have used this prop before, and how has it
worked for you?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Keki，你以前用过这个提示吗？效果如何？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, actually, this is a prompt that I love to use
for a couple of reasons. Number one, it allows me to get up to speed
very quickly on a new project or an initiative.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
是的，实际上，我喜欢使用这个提示有几个原因。第一，它能让我非常快地了解一个新项目或新举措。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** But I also find it very useful while onboarding a
new stakeholder on a project.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 但我也发现在让新利益相关者加入项目时，它非常有用。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And you know what? I actually remember using
something very similar when I had to give Marina a rundown of the AI
Symposium.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
你知道吗？我记得当我需要向Marina简要介绍AI研讨会时，我实际上用过类似的东西。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I actually did pull from our folder, and I used a
prompt that was very similar to get some key insights and shared those
with her.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我确实从我们的文件夹中提取了信息，并使用了一个非常相似的提示来获取一些关键洞察，并与她分享。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** What about you? Is this a prompt you use from time
to time?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 你呢？你是否会时不时地使用这个提示？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, so I find this one really helpful for
giving, like, a high-level summary. So let's say your manager reaches
out to you and says.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我发现这个对于提供高层级的总结非常有帮助。比如，你的经理联系你并说。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Hey, can you give me an update on X project?
This does a really good job, especially if your information is all
across different, you know, in email, in Teams, etc. It kind of pulls
everything together and makes it a lot more concise.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
“嘿，你能给我一个关于X项目的更新吗？”这个工具做得非常好，特别是如果你的信息分散在不同的地方，比如邮件、Teams等。它能把所有东西整合起来，让它变得更简洁。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, I think there's actually things that we can
do to improve this as well. So what's something that you might use,
Keki, to improve it?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我认为我们实际上也可以做一些事情来改进这一点。那么，Keki，你会用什么来改进它呢？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I asked Copilot. I usually ask Copilot to help me
make my prompts better, um, and you know what? If you actually put a
prompt in Copilot and ask it to make better.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我问了Copilot。我通常会请Copilot帮我改进我的提示，你知道吗？如果你真的在Copilot里输入一个提示，并让它改进。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** It does give you, you know, some…. Different
options, and Copilot is good at making prompts more specific, more
actionable, and even more AI-friendly.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
它确实会给你一些……不同的选项，而且Copilot擅长让提示更具体、更具可操作性，甚至更AI友好。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And by AI-friendly, I mean written in a way. That
it actually helps the large language model clearly understand the
intent, the scope, and the format.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我所说的AI友好，是指以一种方式书写，让大型语言模型（LLM）能够清楚地理解意图、范围和格式。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** What would you do to improve it, Arusa? Any ideas,
any thoughts?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 你会怎么改进它，Arusa？有什么想法吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, similarly, I use Prompt Coach, which is…
you can find it on the agents on the left-hand side, and it'll really
help you to revise your quote, uh, your prompt, and make it much better,
and getting the results that you want.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的，类似地，我使用Prompt
Coach，你可以在左侧的智能体中找到它，它真的能帮助你修改你的提示，让它变得更好，并得到你想要的结果。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I think it's so now ready for us.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我想现在它已经为我们准备好了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I see someone on the screen.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我看到屏幕上有个人。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, perfect. All right, so I'm going to throw
it over to our next use case.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，完美。好的，那么我将把话筒交给我们的下一个用例。

### 用例3 & 4：Sonal Misra - Azure OpenAI在市场营销中的应用

**Sonal Misra:** Yeah.

**Sonal Misra:** 是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, this is from Sonal for Marketing. She's
presenting two use cases for us today, one on Azure AI Foundry and the
other on Azure OpenAI GPT.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这是来自市场部的Sonal。她今天为我们展示两个用例，一个是关于Azure AI
Foundry（微软提供的AI模型开发和部署平台），另一个是关于Azure OpenAI
GPT。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Over to you, Sono!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 交给你了，Sonal！

**Sonal Misra:** Thank you, Rousap. Just gonna share my screen here.

**Sonal Misra:** 谢谢你，Rousap。我这就分享我的屏幕。

**Sonal Misra:** So, hi everyone. I'm Sol Mishra, and today we're not
gonna go back in time, but we're traveling deep into unstructured data.

**Sonal Misra:** 大家好。我是Sonal
Mishra，今天我们不回到过去，而是要深入探索非结构化数据。

**Sonal Misra:** So, using Azure's OpenAI, I engineered custom prompts
that extracts rich, meaningful insights from customer interviews.

**Sonal Misra:**
我使用Azure的OpenAI，设计了自定义提示，从客户访谈中提取丰富而有意义的洞察。

**Sonal Misra:** Almost… it's like having a time-traveling assistant who
listens to every word and summarizes the gold.

**Sonal Misra:**
几乎……就像拥有一个能穿越时间的助手，他会倾听每一个字，并总结出其中的精华。

**Sonal Misra:** So, the tool that I use for this project was Azure's
OpenAI.

**Sonal Misra:** 我在这个项目中使用的工具是Azure的OpenAI。

**Sonal Misra:** And you may… you must be wondering, what exactly is it?

**Sonal Misra:** 你可能……你一定在想，这到底是什么？

**Sonal Misra:** Um, think of Azure OpenAI as one's own digital dark
brown, highly intelligent, fast-thinking, and just a little futuristic.

**Sonal Misra:** 把Azure
OpenAI想象成一个人的数字版“布朗博士”（电影《回到未来》中的角色），高度智能，思维敏捷，还有点未来感。

**Sonal Misra:** So it uses prompt engineering with GPT to break down
long interview transcripts, pull up customer pain points.

**Sonal Misra:**
它利用GPT的提示工程来分解冗长的访谈记录，提取客户的痛点。

**Sonal Misra:** Solution benefits, impact metrics, and even
quote-worthy testimonials. All in a matter of seconds.

**Sonal Misra:**
解决方案的益处、影响指标，甚至值得引用的客户评价。所有这些都在几秒钟内完成。

**Sonal Misra:** And to show you the action in life, I have a little
demo.

**Sonal Misra:** 为了向你展示实际操作，我准备了一个小演示。

**Sonal Misra:** This is a demonstration…. How we leverage Azure's
OpenAI and generated custom-engineered prompts to transform interview
transcripts.

**Sonal Misra:**
这是一个演示……我们如何利用Azure的OpenAI并生成定制的提示，来转换访谈记录。

**Sonal Misra:** Into structured, actionable insights. This approach
replaces manual analysis with automated extraction of key elements, such
as customer challenges, value statements, and impactment.

**Sonal Misra:**
转化为结构化、可操作的洞察。这种方法用自动化提取关键元素，如客户挑战、价值陈述和影响指标，取代了手动分析。

**Sonal Misra:** Metrics. Over here in the chat playground, I have
inputted. The interview transcript collected from the interview.

**Sonal Misra:**
指标。在这里的聊天操场上，我输入了从访谈中收集的访谈记录。

**Sonal Misra:** And in order to highlight, for example, the customer
challenges, I inputted the prompt asking it to highlight specific
problems, inefficiencies, or frustrations.

**Sonal Misra:**
为了突出客户挑战，我输入了提示，要求它突出显示客户在采用产品之前面临的具体问题、低效率或挫败感。

**Sonal Misra:** That the customer faced before the adoption of the
product. Thereby, the model was able to identify codes above manual
broaden, higher ed risk, and inefficient workflows, which are kind of
insights that the team can act immediately upon.

**Sonal Misra:**
客户在采用该产品之前所面临的问题。因此，该模型能够识别出超越手动范围的代码、更高的风险和低效的工作流程，这些都是团队可以立即采取行动的洞察。

**Sonal Misra:** Next, in order to identify solution and product value,
I asked it to extract descriptions on how it… the solution improved the
workflow.

**Sonal Misra:**
接下来，为了识别解决方案和产品价值，我要求它提取关于解决方案如何改进工作流程的描述。

**Sonal Misra:** Anyway, the model was able to put out value-driven
quotes that.

**Sonal Misra:** 总之，该模型能够输出价值驱动的引言。

**Sonal Misra:** Such as how there was seamless information sharing,
reduced medication errors, increase in efficiency for care staff.

**Sonal Misra:**
例如，如何实现无缝信息共享，减少用药错误，提高护理人员的效率。

**Sonal Misra:** All wonderful things that are great for case studies
and marketing material.

**Sonal Misra:**
所有这些都是非常棒的东西，非常适合用于案例研究和市场营销材料。

**Sonal Misra:** Furthermore, in order to identify the metrics and proof
points. I was able to input the prompt asking you to list on numeric
evidence or performance indicators that was provided in the interview.

**Sonal Misra:**
此外，为了识别指标和证据点，我能够输入提示，要求你列出访谈中提供的数字证据或绩效指标。

**Sonal Misra:** Thereby, it was able to capture. The number of years
that the organization had been with Pointed Care.

**Sonal Misra:** 因此，它能够捕捉到该组织与PointClickCare合作的年数。

**Sonal Misra:** I'll get started off at one location, and have expanded
to over 50 locations. The reduction in call times, and such are the
wonderful metrics from the interview task.

**Sonal Misra:**
我将从一个地点开始，并已扩展到超过50个地点。通话时间的减少，以及诸如此类的，都是访谈任务中得出的精彩指标。

**Sonal Misra:** Transcription. Lastly, in order to identify value
quotes and testimonials. I included the prompt asking it to extract.

**Sonal Misra:**
转录。最后，为了识别有价值的引言和客户评价，我加入了要求它提取的提示。

**Sonal Misra:** The scene. It was able to capture each quote that
they're in.

**Sonal Misra:** 场景。它能够捕捉到他们所在的每一个引言。

**Sonal Misra:** The input that the customer was able to mention. For
every graduate degree leading from.

**Sonal Misra:** 客户能够提及的输入。对于每一个从……

**Sonal Misra:** The current patient and resident care, to reducing
medication errors, which could be used for, again, marketing materials.

**Sonal Misra:**
当前的病人和居民护理，到减少用药错误，这些都可以再次用于市场营销材料。

**Sonal Misra:** Uh, and customer testimonials. In conclusion, I was
able to develop a full prompt library, categorized by theme, based upon
customer challenges, solution, and value, metrics improve.

**Sonal Misra:**
以及客户评价。总而言之，我能够开发一个完整的提示库，按主题分类，基于客户挑战、解决方案和价值、指标改进。

**Sonal Misra:** Testimonials. All of these templates that can be reused
across transcripts, which are adapted for fine-tuning, or can be
embedded in search pipelines.

**Sonal Misra:**
客户评价。所有这些模板都可以在不同的转录稿中重复使用，它们可以被调整以进行微调，或者可以嵌入到搜索管道中。

**Sonal Misra:** And reducing manual review time by over 50%.

**Sonal Misra:** 并将手动审查时间减少了50%以上。

**Sonal Misra:** So, the project is aimed to deliver high-impact results
where we significantly reduce analysis time.

**Sonal Misra:**
所以，这个项目旨在交付高影响力的结果，我们显著减少了分析时间。

**Sonal Misra:** By eliminating this need to sift through lengthy
interview transcripts. The extracted insights are now consistent,
quickly accessible, and easily reusable across different themes, such as
marketing, sales, and product teams.

**Sonal Misra:**
通过消除筛选冗长访谈记录的需求。提取的洞察现在是一致的、可快速访问的，并且可以轻松地在不同主题中重复使用，例如市场、销售和产品团队。

**Sonal Misra:** Furthermore, this ensures that the quality of the
content has improved with more accurate quotes.

**Sonal Misra:** 此外，这确保了内容质量的提高，引言更准确。

**Sonal Misra:** Clearer themes and less reliance on manual
interpretation. Now, you may wonder how others might be able to use
this.

**Sonal Misra:**
主题更清晰，对人工解读的依赖更少。现在，你可能会想知道其他人如何使用这个。

**Sonal Misra:** The best part is, this approach is easily adaptable for
any team working with qualitative feedback.

**Sonal Misra:**
最好的部分是，这种方法很容易适用于任何处理定性反馈的团队。

**Sonal Misra:** Marketing, for example, can potentially extract
compelling value quotes. Project teams can be… can surface recurring
pain points, and sales can possibly identify impactful success metrics.

**Sonal Misra:**
例如，市场营销可以提取引人注目的价值引言。项目团队可以……可以发现反复出现的痛点，而销售团队则可能识别出有影响力的成功指标。

**Sonal Misra:** All using same set of prompts, templates. Whether
analyzing surveys, interviews, or feedback forms, where this method
helps streamline and enhance insight generation across boards.

**Sonal Misra:**
全部使用同一套提示和模板。无论是分析调查、访谈还是反馈表，这种方法都有助于全面简化和增强洞察的生成。

**Sonal Misra:** While creating this project, I also focused upon the
fact that I was using AI responsibly, so these prompts were tested and
results were manually validated.

**Sonal Misra:**
在创建这个项目时，我也注重负责任地使用AI，所以这些提示都经过了测试，结果也经过了手动验证。

**Sonal Misra:** We prioritize explainability, use of neutral language
to avoid bias, and ensured humans remain entirely in control, so there
were no rogue AIs rewriting our past, like Biffs with a stolen sports
almanac.

**Sonal Misra:**
我们优先考虑可解释性，使用中性语言以避免偏见，并确保人类完全掌控，所以没有像《回到未来》中拿着被盗体育年鉴的Biff那样，有流氓AI改写我们的过去。

**Sonal Misra:** And lastly, I would want to thank the marketing
engagement team, who's helped me shape the approach, showing me that
project.

**Sonal Misra:**
最后，我要感谢市场营销参与团队，他们帮助我塑造了方法，向我展示了这个项目。

**Sonal Misra:** That the project showed, um, is not just a shiny tool,
but a time-saving inside-driving platform.

**Sonal Misra:**
项目所展示的，不仅仅是一个闪亮的工具，而是一个节省时间、驱动内部洞察的平台。

**Sonal Misra:** Um, when you use responsibility. As Doc Brown would say
it, your future hasn't been written yet, so make it insightful. I would
be more than happy to answer any and all questions that you have.

**Sonal Misra:**
当你负责任地使用它时。正如布朗博士会说的，你的未来还没有被书写，所以让它充满洞察力。我非常乐意回答你提出的任何问题。

**Sonal Misra:** Thank you.

**Sonal Misra:** 谢谢你。

**Marina Stojanovic:** That was awesome. There's a lot of activity in
the chat, a lot of excitement about Dovetail and the other tools that
you have mentioned here, and so we'd love for you to take a moment. So
now after.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。聊天中有很多活动，大家对Dovetail（一款用户研究和洞察管理平台）和你提到的其他工具都非常兴奋，所以我们希望你能花点时间。现在之后。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, and take a look at the chat. I… we're gonna…
we're gonna continue with your use cases, uh, so go ahead and, uh, if
you need a minute or two to queue it up.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
看看聊天记录。我……我们……我们将继续你的用例，所以请继续，如果你需要一两分钟来准备。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, let us know.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 请告诉我们。

**Sonal Misra:** Absolutely, I'm ready to head right into the next one.
Um, yeah, thank you, thank you, Marina.

**Sonal Misra:**
当然，我准备好直接进入下一个了。是的，谢谢你，谢谢你，Marina。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Perfect! Go for it!

**Marina Stojanovic:** 完美！开始吧！

**Sonal Misra:** So, moving on, I'm excited to present my next project
on automating the collection of.

**Sonal Misra:** 接下来，我很兴奋地介绍我的下一个项目，关于自动化收集。

**Sonal Misra:** Critical contacts using Azure's OpenAI and Power
Automate. So, this project was completed as a part of the Digital
Customer Success Team, where our goal was to reduce the manual effort
involved in tracking important contacts from.

**Sonal Misra:** 使用Azure的OpenAI和Power
Automate的关键联系人。这个项目是作为数字客户成功团队的一部分完成的，我们的目标是减少从……

**Sonal Misra:** Emails that come through, you're auto-reply emails. Um,
this was done using Azure's OpenAI GPT via Automate.

**Sonal Misra:**
收到的邮件，也就是自动回复邮件中跟踪重要联系人的手动工作。这是通过Azure的OpenAI
GPT和Automate完成的。

**Sonal Misra:** Which is integrated through Power Automate, um, and is
a low-code workflow platform.

**Sonal Misra:** 它通过Power Automate集成，是一个低代码工作流平台。

**Sonal Misra:** So, the GPT model is triggered within the automation to
interpret the email content, extract structured information, like names
and email address, and then log it into an Excel sheet.

**Sonal Misra:**
所以，GPT模型在自动化流程中被触发，以解释邮件内容，提取结构化信息，如姓名和电子邮件地址，然后将其记录到一个Excel表格中。

**Sonal Misra:** Which is hosted on OneDrive and easily accessible to
all. As you'll see in the demo next.

**Sonal Misra:**
它托管在OneDrive上，所有人都可以轻松访问。你将在接下来的演示中看到。

**Sonal Misra:** So, every month, our team would send out digests, or….
The call communication pieces, which would….

**Sonal Misra:**
所以，每个月，我们的团队都会发送摘要，或者……通话沟通材料，这会……

**Sonal Misra:** Result in auto-reply emails, and some of these would
contain critical contacts or new points of communication.

**Sonal Misra:**
导致自动回复邮件，其中一些会包含关键联系人或新的沟通要点。

**Sonal Misra:** Whereby manually tracking these is very time-consuming
and prone to human error, so our automation scans each incoming email,
extracts the relevant information from that email, such as the
forwarding contact.

**Sonal Misra:**
手动跟踪这些信息非常耗时且容易出错，所以我们的自动化系统会扫描每一封收到的邮件，从中提取相关信息，比如转发联系人。

**Sonal Misra:** And adds it to a centralized shared Excel sheet, making
the whole process very quick and very consistent.

**Sonal Misra:**
并将其添加到一个集中的共享Excel表格中，使整个过程非常快速和一致。

**Sonal Misra:** And now I'll be presenting the demo for it, so….
Everyone would be able to see how this works.

**Sonal Misra:**
现在我将为大家演示，这样……每个人都能看到它是如何工作的。

**Sonal Misra:** Hi, everyone. Today, I'll walk you through the process
of automating.

**Sonal Misra:** 大家好。今天，我将带大家了解自动化的过程。

**Sonal Misra:** So let's get started. So first, the automation program
is.

**Sonal Misra:** 让我们开始吧。首先，自动化程序是。

**Sonal Misra:** Set up for extracting content from email bodies and to
store it in an Excel sheet.

**Sonal Misra:** 设置用于从邮件正文中提取内容并将其存储在Excel表格中。

**Sonal Misra:** Such as forwarding contacts that we receive from
auto-reply emails. This helps streamline data, as well as improve
efficiency.

**Sonal Misra:**
例如我们从自动回复邮件中收到的转发联系人。这有助于简化数据，并提高效率。

**Sonal Misra:** Moving along, let's understand how this setup. Our
outlook for this process.

**Sonal Misra:** 接下来，让我们了解如何设置这个流程的Outlook。

**Sonal Misra:** To organize our emails for automation, firstly, we'll
have to create a subfolder.

**Sonal Misra:**
为了组织我们的邮件以进行自动化，首先，我们必须创建一个子文件夹。

**Sonal Misra:** This can be done by clicking on the three dots on the
left-hand side panel beside your email address.

**Sonal Misra:**
这可以通过点击你电子邮件地址旁边的左侧面板上的三个点来完成。

**Sonal Misra:** Clicking on Create a New Folder. Okay, here, I've
created the digest subfolder within my personal inbox for….

**Sonal Misra:**
点击“创建新文件夹”。好的，在这里，我已经在我的个人收件箱中为……创建了摘要子文件夹。

**Sonal Misra:** The purpose of this program. After that, we go into the
shared inbox where we would be selecting the emails.

**Sonal Misra:**
这个程序的目的。之后，我们进入共享收件箱，在那里我们将选择邮件。

**Sonal Misra:** That we would be wanting to extract the data from. For
the purpose of this demo, I've used the Customer Success Digest inbox,
which has.

**Sonal Misra:**
我们想要从中提取数据。为了这次演示，我使用了客户成功摘要收件箱，其中有。

**Sonal Misra:** Many auto-reply emails with forwarding contacts in
them. So, we can select the right emails.

**Sonal Misra:**
许多带有转发联系人的自动回复邮件。所以，我们可以选择正确的邮件。

**Sonal Misra:** Or as many emails as we want to.

**Sonal Misra:** 或者任意数量的邮件。

**Sonal Misra:** And then move them into the subfolder that we have
created in our personal inbox.

**Sonal Misra:** 然后将它们移动到我们在个人收件箱中创建的子文件夹中。

**Sonal Misra:** This could be done by just clicking Move, or directly
dragging and dropping it into the folder.

**Sonal Misra:** 这可以通过点击“移动”，或者直接拖放到文件夹中来完成。

**Sonal Misra:** Once that has been done, we…. I will have to go into
the subfolder to double-check if the emails are being….

**Sonal Misra:**
一旦完成，我……我将不得不进入子文件夹，再次检查邮件是否……

**Sonal Misra:** Registered. After that….

**Sonal Misra:** 已注册。之后……

**Sonal Misra:** You can go back to the automation program to see the
status of each email.

**Sonal Misra:** 你可以回到自动化程序查看每封邮件的状态。

**Sonal Misra:** And the data being extracted. It is usually really
common for it to take some time.

**Sonal Misra:** 以及正在提取的数据。通常这需要一些时间。

**Sonal Misra:** While the process is running. And now we can go into
the email.

**Sonal Misra:** 在流程运行期间。现在我们可以进入邮件。

**Sonal Misra:** The Excel sheet and see…. All the emails and the
forwarding contacts being recorded.

**Sonal Misra:** Excel表格，看到……所有邮件和转发联系人都被记录下来了。

**Sonal Misra:** The body column usually records the forwarding contact
that has been mentioned in the email.

**Sonal Misra:** 正文列通常记录邮件中提到的转发联系人。

**Sonal Misra:** If there are multiple contacts, those would be
separated by a comma within the body column.

**Sonal Misra:** 如果有多个联系人，它们将在正文列中用逗号分隔。

**Sonal Misra:** For example, in this email. We can see the forwarding
contact here.

**Sonal Misra:** 例如，在这封邮件中。我们可以在这里看到转发联系人。

**Sonal Misra:** Has now been recorded. Those emails which do not have a
forwarding contact and are still in the subfolder would not be
registered in the Excel sheet.

**Sonal Misra:**
现已记录。那些没有转发联系人且仍在子文件夹中的邮件将不会被记录在Excel表格中。

**Sonal Misra:** And that's about it. This is how we can use automated
email data extraction and Outlook.

**Sonal Misra:**
就这样。这就是我们如何使用自动化的邮件数据提取和Outlook。

**Sonal Misra:** To save time, and for accurate data collection. Thank
you.

**Sonal Misra:** 来节省时间，并进行准确的数据收集。谢谢你。

**Sonal Misra:** Hi, everyone. Today I'll walk. So, the impact of this
automation program has been significant, where we have saved.

**Sonal Misra:**
大家好。今天我将……这个自动化程序的影响是显著的，我们节省了。

**Sonal Misra:** Ours of manual work per month, the process now takes
minutes instead of hours.

**Sonal Misra:**
我们每月的手动工作时间，现在这个过程只需要几分钟而不是几小时。

**Sonal Misra:** It's improved data accuracy, reduced the risk of
missing key contacts, and made our team even more productive.

**Sonal Misra:**
它提高了数据准确性，降低了遗漏关键联系人的风险，并使我们的团队更加高效。

**Sonal Misra:** Everyone has access to the real-time US, which
strengthens the internal coordination and responsiveness.

**Sonal Misra:**
每个人都可以实时访问美国的数据，这加强了内部协调和响应能力。

**Sonal Misra:** Now, you may wonder how others can use this. So, this
can be used easily and replicated across other departments. For example,
HR teams can possibly automate responses to applications.

**Sonal Misra:**
现在，你可能会想知道其他人如何使用这个。这个可以轻松地在其他部门复制使用。例如，人力资源团队可以自动化对申请的回复。

**Sonal Misra:** Support teams can potentially extract key details from
ticket replies, and marketing can possibly use it to track event RSVPs.

**Sonal Misra:**
支持团队可以从工单回复中提取关键细节，而市场营销团队则可以用它来跟踪活动的回执。

**Sonal Misra:** The beauty of this solution is that its scalability and
low barrier to entry has no coding required.

**Sonal Misra:**
这个解决方案的美妙之处在于它的可扩展性和低门槛，无需编码。

**Sonal Misra:** And while creating this project, another thing that I
kept in mind was to responsibly use AI.

**Sonal Misra:** 在创建这个项目时，我牢记的另一件事是负责任地使用AI。

**Sonal Misra:** Where these prompts were tested and results were
manually validated. We prioritized explainability, used neutral language
to avoid bias, ensured humans remained entirely in control.

**Sonal Misra:**
这些提示都经过了测试，结果也经过了手动验证。我们优先考虑可解释性，使用中性语言以避免偏见，并确保人类完全掌控。

**Sonal Misra:** And I would also like to thank the Digital Customer
Success Team for their support. This project showed me how simple
responsible AI integration can drive efficiency in daily workflows.

**Sonal Misra:**
我还要感谢数字客户成功团队的支持。这个项目向我展示了简单的、负责任的AI集成如何能提高日常工作流程的效率。

**Sonal Misra:** And furthermore, for the marketing engagement team, for
the encouragement, and for me to showcase this project.

**Sonal Misra:**
此外，还要感谢市场营销参与团队的鼓励，让我有机会展示这个项目。

**Sonal Misra:** I'm excited to continue in terms of exploring
automation opportunities across the team.

**Sonal Misra:** 我很兴奋能继续在团队中探索自动化机会。

**Sonal Misra:** Thank you so much.

**Sonal Misra:** 非常感谢。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Hi, Sona, that was awesome. There's a lot of
excitement in the chat, as usual, uh, for your use case, so we're very
happy that you were able to share this with us. I'm just trying to get
my chat up here. There's also something, um, in the chat around
connecting with Alan. I think that's a.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
嗨，Sona，太棒了。像往常一样，聊天中对你的用例有很多兴奋的讨论，我们很高兴你能和我们分享这个。我正在尝试打开我的聊天窗口。聊天中还有一些关于与Alan联系的内容。我认为这是一个。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, something that probably you need to get to by
the end of the week. Alan has asked to connect.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
你可能需要在本周末之前完成的事情。Alan请求与你联系。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, so that you can, uh, discuss your use case in
more detail. He's, uh, sharing his excitement about how.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
这样你就可以更详细地讨论你的用例。他正在分享他对于……的兴奋之情。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Other work, uh, uh, in the business has been
happening along the same lines, and so I think this is a great
invitation, uh, to connect. They're trying to use the tools, um, outside
sources to help with this problem, so he'd like to learn more about it.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
业务中的其他工作也沿着同样的思路在进行，所以我认为这是一个很好的联系邀请。他们正在尝试使用外部资源来帮助解决这个问题，所以他想了解更多。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, definitely take a look at the Q&A as well
afterwards for some of the chat questions. And so now go ahead and feel
free to answer them directly.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
之后也一定要看看问答区，那里有一些聊天问题。现在请随时直接回答它们。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thank you so much for all your engagement in the
chat and in the Q&A, I appreciate it, and over to Katki and Arusa.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
非常感谢你在聊天和问答中的所有参与，我很感激，现在交给Katki和Arusa。

**Sonal Misra:** Absolutely.

**Sonal Misra:** 当然。

### 主持人互动：AI的法律责任

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Hi, everyone! So, while we're waiting for our
next presenter to get set up, I have a question for all of you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
大家好！在我们等待下一位演讲者准备的时候，我有一个问题要问大家。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So, fact or fiction? Ai can be held legally
responsible. Tell me in the chat what you think the answer is.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
事实还是虚构？AI可以承担法律责任。在聊天中告诉我你认为答案是什么。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I wish I had some Jeopardy music. Oh, yeah, not
yet. False, not true, fiction, no.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我希望我有一些《危险边缘》的音乐。哦，是的，还没有。假的，不是真的，虚构的，不。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Somebody said, Drew, I'm seeing a lot of
fiction, no way.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 有人说，Drew，我看到了很多虚构的东西，不可能。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Pilot of AI, true AI, nope. Okay! Lots of
really interesting responses, but it seems… can you sue AI, Marina's
asking. Okay, so….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
AI的试点，真正的AI，不。好的！很多非常有趣的回答，但似乎……你能起诉AI吗，Marina在问。好的，所以……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** If you haven't responded yet, and you're
thinking about the question, we will tell you what the answer is.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
如果你还没有回答，并且正在思考这个问题，我们会告诉你答案是什么。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** The answer is that this is fiction. Um, AI is
not a separate legal entity, so it can't be held responsible.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
答案是，这是虚构的。AI不是一个独立的法律实体，所以它不能承担责任。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And there's actually really interesting stories
about this in the news over the last few years. One of the ones that
sticks out for me is a story about Air Canada and its chatbot.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
过去几年新闻里其实有很多关于这个的有趣故事。其中一个让我印象深刻的是关于加拿大航空公司及其聊天机器人的故事。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Keki, do you remember hearing that story?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Keki，你记得听过那个故事吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, I vaguely remember something. It was in the
news, wasn't it?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，我模糊地记得一些。它上过新闻，不是吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes, I was. Okay, so basically what happened
was, in 2022, Air Canada had a chatbot on its website.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我记得。好的，基本上是这样的，2022年，加拿大航空公司在其网站上有一个聊天机器人。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And a customer went in and asked about a
particular discount. The chatbot said that it could be honored.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
一位顾客进去询问一个特定的折扣。聊天机器人说可以兑现。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** But it turns out that Air Canada said that it
shouldn't. And so they wouldn't want to honor the discount, and when
they were taken to court.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
但结果是加拿大航空公司说不应该兑现。所以他们不想兑现这个折扣，当他们被起诉到法庭时。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** The court actually ruled against them. They
basically said, it's your website, the chatbot's on your website, so
you're responsible for whatever it puts out. And so then they were
required to not only pay.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
法院实际上判他们败诉。他们基本上说，这是你们的网站，聊天机器人在你们的网站上，所以你们要对它发布的一切负责。因此，他们不仅被要求支付。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** What the difference was, but also legal fees,
etc. So, I think the story behind this is that.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
差价，还要支付律师费等。所以，我认为这背后的故事是。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** As you're using AI, and, you know, we're
talking about chatbots, we have another one coming up soon.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
当你使用AI时，你知道，我们正在谈论聊天机器人，我们很快就会有另一个。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** You want to make sure it's trained on the
appropriate information so that it's pulling the right content when
someone asks a question.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
你要确保它接受了适当信息的训练，这样当有人提问时，它能提取正确的内容。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And then in general, when you're using AI, you
want to make sure you're validating the output before you use it. And
you'll hear us talk about RAI throughout all of them.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
总的来说，当你使用AI时，你要确保在使用之前验证输出。你会听到我们在所有这些中都谈到RAI（负责任的AI）。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, yeah, Mike, we actually were gonna speak to
that story next, uh, about this notorious legal incident. So, Keck, you
want to tell us a little bit about that?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，Mike，我们接下来就要讲那个故事，关于这个臭名昭著的法律事件。所以，Keck，你想给我们讲讲吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah. Oh, yeah! Yeah, that was a very interesting
incident. I remember, uh, there was a notorious legal incident from
2023, uh, where a New York lawyer who used ChatGPT to draft a court
filing.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
是的。哦，是的！是的，那是一个非常有趣的事件。我记得，2023年有一个臭名昭著的法律事件，一位纽约律师使用ChatGPT起草了一份法庭文件。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And he actually ended up citing 6 completely
fabricated legal cases. All of these cases were hallucinated.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
他最终引用了6个完全捏造的法律案例。所有这些案例都是AI幻觉的结果。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And what we mean by hallucination, AI does that
quite a bit, is that they were completely made up by AI, they just did
not exist.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我们所说的幻觉，AI经常这样做，就是它们完全是AI编造出来的，根本不存在。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And the judge had to sanction the lawyer. The
courts even emphasized that while using AI, which is not inherently
wrong, lawyers do have a duty to verify the accuracy of their filing and
what they are citing.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
法官不得不制裁这位律师。法院甚至强调，虽然使用AI本身并没有错，但律师有责任核实他们提交文件的准确性以及他们引用的内容。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Uh, in those filings. So it was a very, very
interesting incident, and both the lawyer and his colleague were
actually sanctioned in that case.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
在那些文件中。所以这是一个非常、非常有趣的事件，在那起案件中，律师和他的同事都受到了制裁。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** They also had to pay a penalty. So yeah, very
interesting case.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 他们还必须支付罚款。所以是的，非常有趣的案例。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** With great power comes great responsibility,
right? A different movie, but still, sort of relevant here. And yeah, to
your point, Tim, you want the human in the loop, right? That's a really
important part as we use AI.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
能力越大，责任越大，对吧？虽然是另一部电影，但在这里也挺相关的。是的，Tim，你说得对，你需要有人在环（human
in the loop），对吧？这是我们使用AI时非常重要的一部分。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Alright, so I see our presenters are ready. Our
next use case is from Marion Hazel from Regulatory Affairs.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，我看到我们的演讲者已经准备好了。我们的下一个用例来自法规事务部的Marion
Hazel。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** On their generative AI chatbot named Reggie.
Over to the two of you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
关于他们名为Reggie的生成式AI聊天机器人。交给你们两位了。

### 用例5：Mary Henschel & Hazelle Florencio - 监管事务聊天机器人“Reggie”

**Hazelle Florencio:** Hi everyone, can you hear me? Okay, just waiting
for Mary.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 大家好，能听到我说话吗？好的，正在等Mary。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes, we can!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的，我们可以！

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** It's Hazel this time.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 这次是Hazel。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Yeah.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 是的。

**Mary Henschel:** Hello, I'm having a little bit of trouble, uh,
sharing my sound, and we do a demo in this presentation, and I really
want you guys to hear the demo, so….

**Mary Henschel:**
大家好，我在分享声音方面遇到了一点麻烦，我们在这次演讲中有一个演示，我真的很想让大家听到这个演示，所以……

**Mary Henschel:** Um, I'm gonna stop sharing and reshare.

**Mary Henschel:** 我要停止分享然后重新分享。

**Mary Henschel:** Hmm, okay. Uh…. Does anyone have any tips? We
practiced this earlier, I don't know. Uh, we can go… the demo is so cool
that I really want to make sure you guys can hear it.

**Mary Henschel:**
嗯，好的。呃……有人有什么建议吗？我们之前练习过，我不知道。呃，我们可以……这个演示太酷了，我真的想确保你们能听到。

**Mary Henschel:** Marina, or Rusa, do you have any tips?

**Mary Henschel:** Marina，或者Rusa，你们有什么建议吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, so, you know what? Why don't you start
sharing? If you drop your presentation link into our group chat, I'll
share, uh, once I get it loaded, I'll take over sharing, and then we'll
do it from there.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，你知道吗？你为什么不开始分享呢？如果你把你的演示文稿链接放到我们的群聊里，我会分享，一旦我加载好了，我就会接管分享，然后我们从那里开始。

**Mary Henschel:** Okay, good idea.

**Mary Henschel:** 好的，好主意。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, so you can drop it in, um, I think you
can start sharing as it is, and you can start with your presentation.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，你可以把它放进去，我想你可以直接开始分享，然后开始你的演讲。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Yeah. Yeah, I can… I can share the link.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 是的。是的，我可以……我可以分享链接。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And I'll add a cue it up, probably, by the time
you get to your demo.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我会把它准备好，大概在你开始演示的时候。

**Mary Henschel:** Okay.

**Mary Henschel:** 好的。

**Hazelle Florencio:** To Arisa.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 给Arisa。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, and I think just share what you have for
now, and then I'll get it queued up.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我想你现在就分享你有的东西，然后我会把它准备好。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** If only AI could solve all our technology woes.
If only, slowly, hopefully, at some point, it'll help us with that.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
要是AI能解决我们所有的技术难题就好了。要是能，慢慢地，希望在某个时候，它能帮我们解决这个问题。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 嗯哼，嗯哼。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Alright, so I see yours. Give me a sec….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 好的，我看到你的了。给我一秒钟……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 好的……

**Mary Henschel:** Can we just get started, and then you're gonna take
over? Is that the plan, or is that…?

**Mary Henschel:** 我们可以先开始，然后你接手吗？这是计划，还是……？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, but I mean, now I actually have it up
already, so give me a sec.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，但我的意思是，现在我已经把它打开了，所以给我一秒钟。

**Mary Henschel:** Okay.

**Mary Henschel:** 好的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, um, okay, and then I'm gonna share with
sound…. Oh, that's strange. I can't do it now either.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，嗯，好的，然后我要分享带声音的……哦，真奇怪。我现在也做不到了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That's really weird. Okay. Mary, I'm gonna have
you present it. Let us see if we can figure it out in the back end.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
真奇怪。好的。Mary，我让你来演示。让我们看看我们能否在后台解决这个问题。

**Mary Henschel:** Okay, I'm going to present and…. I might… I might…
I'll have to just do a voiceover, so that, that might be fine.

**Mary Henschel:**
好的，我来演示……我可能……我可能……我得做个配音，那样可能也行。

**Mary Henschel:** Anyway, um, what an entrance. So, I'm Mary Henshel,
thank you so much for having us here. I'm with the Regulatory Affairs
team.

**Mary Henschel:** 总之，真是个特别的开场。我是Mary
Henshel，非常感谢你们邀请我们来这里。我来自法规事务团队。

**Mary Henschel:** And I'm here with Hazel. And she's from the Technical
Support and Services team.

**Mary Henschel:** 我和Hazel一起。她来自技术支持与服务团队。

**Mary Henschel:** And we have collaborated on a few things before, but
today we're super excited to introduce you to an AI solution that our
regulatory team.

**Mary Henschel:**
我们之前在一些事情上合作过，但今天我们非常兴奋地向大家介绍一个由我们法规团队开发的AI解决方案。

**Mary Henschel:** Has developed for our department. Uh, we have finally
named, uh, it Reggie, and it is in a generative AI chatbot.

**Mary Henschel:**
为我们部门开发的。我们终于给它取了个名字，叫Reggie，它是一个生成式AI聊天机器人。

**Mary Henschel:** And there really are two parts that make Reggie so
successful.

**Mary Henschel:** Reggie的成功主要归功于两个部分。

**Mary Henschel:** First, Reggie has a repository that is automatically
kept up to date with the latest regulations.

**Mary Henschel:** 首先，Reggie有一个知识库，它会自动更新最新的法规。

**Mary Henschel:** Um, and then second, Reggie uses. Advanced natural
language understanding.

**Mary Henschel:** 然后其次，Reggie使用先进的自然语言理解技术。

**Mary Henschel:** Contextual awareness and generative AI capabilities
to address complex regulatory questions.

**Mary Henschel:** 上下文感知和生成式AI能力来解决复杂的法规问题。

**Mary Henschel:** And so, on the maturity journey, uh, Reggie is close
to pilot phase. We've loaded it up with, uh, senior living regulations
first.

**Mary Henschel:**
在成熟度方面，Reggie已接近试点阶段。我们首先加载了老年生活法规。

**Mary Henschel:** And, uh, once we're comfortable with the results
we're getting, we'll go ahead and add in our other business lines.

**Mary Henschel:**
一旦我们对得到的结果感到满意，我们就会继续添加我们其他的业务线。

**Mary Henschel:** So with that, let's go to the…. Let's zoom in on the
problem.

**Mary Henschel:** 那么，让我们……让我们聚焦于问题本身。

**Mary Henschel:** Um, so the regulatory affairs team. Is tasked with
staying up to date with an ever-changing regulatory environment. And if
you were on the town hall yesterday, you heard Dave talk about.

**Mary Henschel:**
法规事务团队的任务是跟上不断变化的法规环境。如果你昨天参加了全体会议，你听到了Dave谈到。

**Mary Henschel:** Just how much of our product is dependent on meeting
regulations. It's a lot.

**Mary Henschel:** 我们的产品在多大程度上依赖于满足法规。这非常多。

**Mary Henschel:** And so our team reads, uh, we influence, we
interpret, we translate regulations.

**Mary Henschel:** 所以我们的团队阅读、影响、解释、翻译法规。

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, for internal teams, like product. Customer
success, account execs, implementation, etc.

**Mary Henschel:**
为内部团队，如产品部、客户成功部、客户主管、实施部等。

**Mary Henschel:** And we also provide information to our clients. Um,
not to mention we do a whole bunch of other stuff, so….

**Mary Henschel:**
我们也向客户提供信息。更不用说我们还做了一大堆其他事情，所以……

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, the other thing is that…. Our industry has always
been heavily regulated, but now we are seeing more regulations move down
to the state level, which is compounding our.

**Mary Henschel:**
另一件事是……我们的行业一直受到严格监管，但现在我们看到越来越多的法规下放到州一级，这加剧了我们的问题。

**Mary Henschel:** Our problem. There are just so many more regulations
for us to trap.

**Mary Henschel:** 我们的问题。有太多的法规需要我们去应对。

**Mary Henschel:** And just as an example, I'm on a senior living team.

**Mary Henschel:** 举个例子，我在一个老年生活团队。

**Mary Henschel:** And the senior living industry has 65 different
licenses across the 50 states, and they're all super different.

**Mary Henschel:**
老年生活行业在50个州有65种不同的许可证，而且它们都非常不同。

**Mary Henschel:** And there's not… there's not just one body of
regulation. Sometimes there's multiple, uh, regs that we have to read in
order to understand the complete picture.

**Mary Henschel:**
而且不仅仅是一套法规。有时我们需要阅读多套法规才能了解全貌。

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, like I said, the regulatory team is relatively
small, and so we needed a way.

**Mary Henschel:** 正如我所说，法规团队相对较小，所以我们需要一种方法。

**Mary Henschel:** To really essentially multiply ourselves. Oh, and so
this seemed like a perfect fit for AI to solve.

**Mary Henschel:**
真正地将我们自己的人力倍增。哦，所以这似乎是AI解决的完美方案。

**Mary Henschel:** So, we currently have a regulatory repository, uh,
where internal. Point-click-haired teammates can submit questions to us.

**Mary Henschel:**
所以，我们目前有一个法规知识库，内部的PointClickCare同事可以向我们提交问题。

**Mary Henschel:** And we answer them, but we wanted to provide more of
a self-service model.

**Mary Henschel:** 我们会回答他们，但我们想提供一个更自助的服务模式。

**Mary Henschel:** Really using our team when they needed more context.
Uh, but we wanted it to be faster and self-service, uh, and.

**Mary Henschel:**
真正地在他们需要更多背景信息时利用我们的团队。但我们希望它能更快、更自助，并且。

**Mary Henschel:** We had worked with Hazel and Raheem's team to develop
that repository, so we really see Reggie as being V.20, or the
repository.

**Mary Henschel:**
我们曾与Hazel和Raheem的团队合作开发那个知识库，所以我们真的把Reggie看作是知识库的2.0版本。

**Mary Henschel:** So we started researching for solutions, uh, actually
last summer. Uh, and we looked at several commercial AI products, but
none of them solved their biggest challenge, which is to know when the
regulation gets updated.

**Mary Henschel:**
所以我们从去年夏天开始研究解决方案。我们考察了几款商业AI产品，但没有一款能解决我们最大的挑战，那就是知道法规何时更新。

**Mary Henschel:** So all the other commercial tools. Put the onus on us
to feed their repositories with the regulations.

**Mary Henschel:**
所以所有其他的商业工具都把责任推给我们，让我们用法规来填充他们的知识库。

**Mary Henschel:** And I really thought that we could do something
better. And it turns out I'm right. Um, so I reached out to Dean.

**Mary Henschel:**
我真的认为我们可以做得更好。事实证明我是对的。所以我联系了Dean。

**Mary Henschel:** And I described the problem, and he suggested that we
have Rahim's team.

**Mary Henschel:** 我描述了问题，他建议我们让Rahim的团队。

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, take a look at the challenge. So, let's take a
look at Part 1. So, I'm going to talk about Part 1, which is the front
end of the problem, which is figuring out when a regulation gets
updated.

**Mary Henschel:**
来研究这个挑战。那么，我们来看看第一部分。我要讲的是第一部分，也就是问题的前端，即弄清楚法规何时更新。

**Mary Henschel:** So, uh, I provided Almond Deep Jaj, who's on Rahim's
team, Hazel's coworker, all the hyperlinks to all the senior living
regulations and the state forms.

**Mary Henschel:** 所以，我向Rahim团队的Amandeep
Jaj，也就是Hazel的同事，提供了所有老年生活法规和州表格的超链接。

**Mary Henschel:** And there's a lot. I mean, there's, like, hundreds.
Um…. And so Amandy built a tool that connects to all the state's
regulations, and he downloads them automatically into a repository.

**Mary Henschel:**
而且数量很多。我的意思是，有几百个。所以Amandeep构建了一个工具，连接到所有州的法规，并自动将它们下载到一个知识库中。

**Mary Henschel:** And so, each night, the script runs. Automatically,
and checks to see if there have been any updates, and if so, his tool
updates the repository.

**Mary Henschel:**
所以，每天晚上，脚本都会自动运行，检查是否有任何更新，如果有，他的工具就会更新知识库。

**Mary Henschel:** Then, he built this data pipeline that takes the
regulation and feeds it into REGGI.

**Mary Henschel:** 然后，他构建了这个数据管道，将法规输入到REGGI中。

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, where then Hazel's. Tool really does its magic.

**Mary Henschel:** 然后Hazel的工具就在那里真正发挥它的魔力。

**Mary Henschel:** And then on top of that, the system sends an
automated email notification to my team.

**Mary Henschel:** 除此之外，系统还会向我的团队发送一封自动邮件通知。

**Mary Henschel:** With a spreadsheet that indicates which regulatory
links have been updated.

**Mary Henschel:** 附带一个电子表格，指明哪些法规链接已更新。

**Mary Henschel:** Which is so brilliant, uh, and it's working great. So
now I'm going to have Hazel talk about the work that she did with
Reggie.

**Mary Henschel:**
这真是太棒了，而且效果很好。现在我请Hazel谈谈她和Reggie一起做的工作。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Sure. Um, so now that we have the data, Andrew,
Taniram, and I develop a search and AI pipeline and user interface for
Reggie.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
当然。现在我们有了数据，Andrew、Taniram和我为Reggie开发了一个搜索和AI管道以及用户界面。

**Hazelle Florencio:** So, Reggie, as Mary mentioned, is a Gen AI web
chat application set.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
正如Mary提到的，Reggie是一个生成式AI网络聊天应用程序集。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Users can use to get the up-to-date answers
through their regulatory questions more efficiently.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
用户可以用它更高效地通过他们的法规问题获得最新的答案。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Instead, doing a manual search or reading through
multiple pages of dance documentation.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 而不是手动搜索或阅读多页的繁琐文档。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Reggie makes it easier, even for non-regulatory
persons, to understand state regulations.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
Reggie让理解州法规变得更容易，即使对于非法规专业人士也是如此。

**Hazelle Florencio:** So, Reggie is built on Azure services, full-stack
code, and retrieval augmented generation.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
Reggie是基于Azure服务、全栈代码和检索增强生成（RAG：一种结合了信息检索和生成模型的AI技术）构建的。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Uh, which means that your answers, or the answers
you get, are grounded by trusted and clean data.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 这意味着你得到的答案是基于可信和干净的数据。

**Hazelle Florencio:** And the system leverages retrieval of the most
important or relevant information.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 系统利用检索最重要或最相关的信息。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Then the AI model uses that to respond with
accurate and contextually aware.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
然后AI模型利用这些信息来做出准确且具有上下文感知的回应。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Answer is, although it is possible to build this…
something like this with.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 答案是，虽然用……

**Hazelle Florencio:** By building your own co-pilot agent in Teams or
in Microsoft 365.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 通过在Teams或Microsoft
365中构建自己的Copilot智能体。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Um, we've decided on this approach due to
Reggie's requirements for.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 我们决定采用这种方法，是因为Reggie对……有要求。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Scalability, flexibility, and reporting. This
also enables us for more continuous learning capabilities.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
可扩展性、灵活性和报告。这也使我们能够拥有更强的持续学习能力。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Native support for an extensive catalog of AI
services and models.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 对广泛的AI服务和模型目录提供原生支持。

**Hazelle Florencio:** And back to you, Mary.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 交给你了，Mary。

**Mary Henschel:** All right, we're gonna do the demo. I think I'm gonna
have to do my best to just dub over this, so….

**Mary Henschel:** 好的，我们来做演示。我想我得尽力为这个配音，所以……

**Mary Henschel:** With me, like… alright, so this is Reggie. It is our
landing page.

**Mary Henschel:** 跟我一起……好的，这是Reggie。这是我们的登陆页面。

**Mary Henschel:** And it's your personal regulatory affairs assistant.

**Mary Henschel:** 它是你的个人法规事务助理。

**Mary Henschel:** Can you get up?

**Mary Henschel:** 你能起来吗？

**Mary Henschel:** Well, I am on the landing page, and I'm gonna ask it
a question.

**Mary Henschel:** 好的，我现在在登陆页面，我要问它一个问题。

**Mary Henschel:** And this is a…. This is a particular question, and….

**Mary Henschel:** 这是一个……这是一个特别的问题，而且……

**Mary Henschel:** A facility. I can hear it.

**Mary Henschel:** 一个设施。我能听到它。

**Mary Henschel:** I'm so sorry. So anyways, I'm asking it a question.
About who must review this.

**Mary Henschel:**
非常抱歉。总之，我正在问它一个问题。关于谁必须审查这个。

**Mary Henschel:** Resident Assessment Tools. This is just updated
recently, and so this is actually a real useful….

**Mary Henschel:**
居民评估工具。这最近刚刚更新，所以这实际上是一个非常有用的……

**Hazelle Florencio:** We don't hear the, um, audio from the recording.
Just….

**Hazelle Florencio:** 我们听不到录音里的声音。只是……

**Mary Henschel:** You can hear me, or you can hear the recording.

**Mary Henschel:** 你能听到我说话，或者你能听到录音。

**Hazelle Florencio:** No, I… we don't hear the recording, or at least I
don't hear it.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 不，我……我们听不到录音，或者至少我听不到。

**Mary Henschel:** I know, the problem is, I hear it, and so… and I try
to talk, it's like….

**Mary Henschel:** 我知道，问题是，我能听到，所以……我试着说话，就像……

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, I'm just… we're gonna have to just run through it
without the words, but essentially.

**Mary Henschel:** 我只是……我们只能不带文字地过一遍，但基本上。

**Mary Henschel:** What it's doing, we ask it a very complicated
regulatory question. In this example.

**Mary Henschel:**
它在做什么，我们问它一个非常复杂的法规问题。在这个例子中。

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, this was a recent update that happened on April
28th in the state of Maryland.

**Mary Henschel:** 这是马里兰州在4月28日发生的一次近期更新。

**Mary Henschel:** And, um, there was a question about who needed to
review the resident assessment tool.

**Mary Henschel:** 而且，有一个关于谁需要审查居民评估工具的问题。

**Mary Henschel:** So, I asked the question. You can see down on the
bottom right here, it does give me a message saying that AI-generated
content.

**Mary Henschel:**
所以，我问了这个问题。你可以在右下角看到，它确实给了我一条信息，说AI生成的内容。

**Mary Henschel:** May be incorrect. And so that's part of our
responsible use of AI.

**Mary Henschel:** 可能不正确。所以这是我们负责任地使用AI的一部分。

**Mary Henschel:** And then it also gives me the two references, because
I need to validate that this is actually correct.

**Mary Henschel:**
然后它还给了我两个参考资料，因为我需要验证这是否真的正确。

**Mary Henschel:** So I'm going to click on one of these, and then it's
going to bring me to the source, and then I'm going to find this
information in the source.

**Mary Henschel:**
所以我要点击其中一个，然后它会带我到源头，然后我会在源头找到这个信息。

**Mary Henschel:** Then it's go… I'm gonna go out further to look at the
actual state.

**Mary Henschel:** 然后……我要再深入一点，看看实际的州法规。

**Mary Henschel:** Website, uh…. So I get….

**Mary Henschel:** 网站，呃……所以我得到……

**Mary Henschel:** It's really hard. There's the language.

**Mary Henschel:** 这真的很难。有语言障碍。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Mary, do you want to try it one more time with
the share sound? We are talking to IT to figure out what's happening on
the back end, but maybe try….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
Mary，你想再试一次分享声音吗？我们正在和IT部门沟通，看看后台发生了什么，但也许可以试试……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Going offshore and trying to share again, and
let's see if it might… if you get the option to share the sound.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
离线再试一次分享，看看是否……你是否能得到分享声音的选项。

**Mary Henschel:** Well, that was…. That was too bad. Anyways, the way
it works is it essentially.

**Mary Henschel:** 嗯，那……那太糟糕了。总之，它的工作方式基本上是。

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, it is continually updating, making sure that we
have the best, uh, and most up-to-date, uh, regulations.

**Mary Henschel:** 它在持续更新，确保我们拥有最好、最新的法规。

**Mary Henschel:** We can ask them questions, we can validate it. And
then there's feedback loops in there, so we can say, yes, that was good,
that was correct, or if it was somehow incorrect, or the citation was
wrong.

**Mary Henschel:**
我们可以问它们问题，我们可以验证它。然后里面有反馈循环，所以我们可以说，是的，那很好，那是正确的，或者如果它有某种不正确，或者引文是错的。

**Mary Henschel:** We then give it a thumbs down. And, uh, we say why,
uh, it wasn't correct.

**Mary Henschel:** 然后我们给它一个差评。并且，我们说明为什么它不正确。

**Mary Henschel:** We can also say if there were some inappropriate
language that was returned, which is also part of our responsible AI.

**Mary Henschel:**
我们也可以指出是否返回了不当语言，这也是我们负责任AI的一部分。

**Mary Henschel:** Um, and so, uh, so far, the results have been very
exciting, and uh….

**Mary Henschel:** 到目前为止，结果非常令人兴奋，而且……

**Mary Henschel:** Our impact has been that we're essentially going to
be able to, uh, effectively multiply our team. I mean, we can't just
keep throwing more bodies at this.

**Mary Henschel:**
我们的影响是，我们基本上能够有效地扩大我们的团队。我的意思是，我们不能一直往这上面投入更多的人力。

**Mary Henschel:** And there are just going to be some more and more
regs at the state level, which really is hard for us to keep up with.

**Mary Henschel:** 而且州一级的法规只会越来越多，这真的让我们很难跟上。

**Mary Henschel:** Um, we will also know, uh… oh, lessons learned. Yeah,
so while we were connecting to these state websites, like, the states
all do things a little bit differently.

**Mary Henschel:**
我们也会知道……哦，经验教训。是的，所以当我们连接到这些州网站时，就像，各个州的做法都有点不同。

**Mary Henschel:** Um, some return of HTML, some return a PDF, a doc,
some have.

**Mary Henschel:** 有些返回HTML，有些返回PDF、文档，有些有。

**Mary Henschel:** Security around it. Sometimes we have to go through
an API, so Amandeep really had a….

**Mary Henschel:**
安全措施。有时我们必须通过API（应用程序编程接口），所以Amandeep真的……

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, in the beginning, do some of this manually, and
now that we have our feet under us, he's going to use AI to, like,
accelerate his work so we can bring on the other business lines.

**Mary Henschel:**
在开始时，手动做一些这样的工作，现在我们已经站稳了脚跟，他将使用AI来加速他的工作，这样我们就可以引入其他的业务线。

**Mary Henschel:** So how can I help others? We just hope that
everybody, like, who has a regulatory question, can start here, ask it a
question. We are always here to provide more context, to go deeper.

**Mary Henschel:**
那么我如何能帮助他人呢？我们只希望每个人，比如有法规问题的人，可以从这里开始，问它一个问题。我们随时准备提供更多背景信息，进行更深入的探讨。

**Mary Henschel:** Um, but we think it can really save a lot of time in
getting answers to our clients.

**Mary Henschel:**
但我们认为这真的可以为我们的客户节省大量获取答案的时间。

**Mary Henschel:** And, uh, I can go ahead and turn it over to
Hayesville to talk about RAI.

**Mary Henschel:** 我可以把话筒交给Hazel来谈谈RAI（负责任的AI）。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Yeah, so when it comes to responsible use of AI,
we will make sure that we have a well-documented guidance on how to use
Reggie.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
是的，所以当谈到负责任地使用AI时，我们将确保我们有关于如何使用Reggie的详细指导文档。

**Hazelle Florencio:** And what data Reggie has. We also included a
disclaimer as Mary tried to demonstrate, uh, in the user interface to
remind people that they always have to validate the AI answers.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
以及Reggie拥有哪些数据。我们还在用户界面中加入了一个免责声明，正如Mary试图演示的那样，提醒人们他们必须始终验证AI的答案。

**Hazelle Florencio:** We will also continue to monitor and evaluate
Reggie through reporting and the feedback that we've added.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
我们还将通过报告和我们添加的反馈来持续监控和评估Reggie。

**Hazelle Florencio:** In the future, uh, that we receive, as well as
conduct LLM reviews in case there are.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
未来，我们收到的反馈，以及进行LLM（大型语言模型）审查，以防有。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Other or newer, um. Ai models that fit Reggie
better.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 其他或更新的、更适合Reggie的AI模型。

**Hazelle Florencio:** When it comes to security, as of, uh, we only
have approved sources and contents by the regulatory team.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
在安全方面，我们目前只使用法规团队批准的来源和内容。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Also, Reggie is only accessible internally as of
now. There is a whitelist.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 此外，Reggie目前仅限内部访问。有一个白名单。

**Hazelle Florencio:** In place to accept VPN or office traffic only.
Additionally, we could leverage Azure AI Content Safety, which allows us
to enhance safety for Reggie.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
用于仅接受VPN或办公室流量。此外，我们可以利用Azure
AI内容安全服务，这使我们能够增强Reggie的安全性。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Such as blocking harmful inputs or outputs. Or
creating custom AI filters if needed.

**Hazelle Florencio:**
例如阻止有害的输入或输出，或者在需要时创建自定义的AI过滤器。

**Hazelle Florencio:** As well as probably exploring the drought
deadness detection, which is in a preview, uh.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 以及可能探索处于预览阶段的“干旱死亡”检测功能。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Review, uh, feature. To help avoid, or… to help
detect and avoid the AI making up.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 审查功能，以帮助避免或……帮助检测和避免AI编造。

**Hazelle Florencio:** Stuff, and more.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 东西，等等。

**Mary Henschel:** All right, so what's next? What's next is we will
soon be adding our other business lines.

**Mary Henschel:**
好的，那么接下来是什么？接下来我们将很快添加我们其他的业务线。

**Mary Henschel:** Field nursing, pharmacy, artificial intelligence,
etc. Um, the other thing that Amandeep is gonna do is he's gonna
actually highlight the actual language that changed in the regulation.

**Mary Henschel:**
现场护理、药房、人工智能等等。Amandeep要做的另一件事是，他将实际突出显示法规中改变的具体措辞。

**Mary Henschel:** To make it easier to, uh, find at a glance. Uh, we'll
be enhancing the feedback for more thorough answers, so sometimes we
want to provide even more context, or.

**Mary Henschel:**
以便更容易一目了然地找到。我们将增强反馈功能，以获得更详尽的答案，所以有时我们想提供更多的背景信息，或者。

**Mary Henschel:** Around, uh, the regulation. Uh, we want the ability
to manually upload some files, and just some use cases. Sometimes the
state puts out, like, provider letters or bulletins that has more
context around the regulation. We'd like to upload those, too.

**Mary Henschel:**
围绕法规。我们希望能够手动上传一些文件，以及一些用例。有时州政府会发布一些提供者信函或公告，其中包含更多关于法规的背景信息。我们也想上传这些。

**Mary Henschel:** Um, and then…. Thinking ahead, we really want to
start generating actions, so creating a JIRA ticket automatically, for
example, or automatically creating a Salesforce case.

**Mary Henschel:**
然后……展望未来，我们真的想开始生成行动，比如自动创建一个JIRA工单，或者自动创建一个Salesforce案例。

**Mary Henschel:** Or creating a regulatory briefing, uh, as well. And,
you know, the other thing that, looking way out in the future, I mean,
potentially we could offer this to our clients at some point. There are,
like I said.

**Mary Henschel:**
或者创建一个法规简报。而且，你知道，另一件事，展望遥远的未来，我的意思是，我们有可能在某个时候向我们的客户提供这个。正如我所说，有一些。

**Mary Henschel:** Commercially available tools that people are actually
paying to use right now.

**Mary Henschel:** 人们现在实际上正在付费使用的商业工具。

**Mary Henschel:** Um, and it could be potentially even a revenue source
for us.

**Mary Henschel:** 而且它甚至可能成为我们的一个收入来源。

**Mary Henschel:** So with that, I'd like to thank our team members from
the Regulatory Affairs team, who've been working on this with me. So,
Tatiana Vasiliva, Robin Roberts, Janiece Hornberger.

**Mary Henschel:**
就此，我要感谢法规事务团队的成员，他们一直与我一起致力于此。所以，Tatiana
Vasiliva, Robin Roberts, Janiece Hornberger。

**Mary Henschel:** Jackie Nordoff, myself, Eugene Gonziorik, and of
course, Donna Weimer.

**Mary Henschel:** Jackie Nordoff，我自己，Eugene
Gonziorik，当然还有Donna Weimer。

**Hazelle Florencio:** And from technology and support services team,
Amandeep Chaj, Andrew DeNirum, Clyde Goncalves, myself, Hazel, and Rahim
Ashwani.

**Hazelle Florencio:** 来自技术与支持服务团队的Amandeep Chaj, Andrew
DeNirum, Clyde Goncalves，我本人Hazel，以及Rahim Ashwani。

**Mary Henschel:** Okay. With that, any questions? And if anybody wants
to see it.

**Mary Henschel:** 好的。就此，有什么问题吗？如果有人想看的话。

**Mary Henschel:** Uh, live, just let me know, and I can take you
through the demo, so….

**Mary Henschel:** 现场演示，请告诉我，我可以带你过一遍演示，所以……

**Marina Stojanovic:** We love it. Thank you both. I know even despite,
uh, some technical hiccups, people have fallen in love with Reggie.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们很喜欢。谢谢你们两位。我知道尽管有一些技术小插曲，人们还是爱上了Reggie。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, and we want to make sure that you get time to
answer the questions, so please take a look at the chat and take a look
at the Q&A.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们想确保你有时间回答问题，所以请看看聊天区和问答区。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And answer the questions directly to the folks
who are really actively engaging with you for Reggie and all the hard
work you've done.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
并直接回答那些正在积极与你互动，讨论Reggie以及你所做的所有辛勤工作的人们的问题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And now it's time for our keynote! We have Alan
back again, and he's going to walk us through his perspectives on AI,
and he's got some great content for you coming up, so we're gonna go
throw it over.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
现在是我们的主题演讲时间！我们再次请回了Alan，他将带我们了解他对AI的看法，并且他为你们准备了一些精彩的内容，所以我们现在就把话筒交给他。

**Marina Stojanovic:** To you, Alan.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 交给你了，Alan。

## 主题演讲：Alan Missen - AI的经济影响、企业应用与未来战略

**Alan Missen:** Uh, thank you. I kind of feel like Dave was more of the
keynote than I am. I've just got some insights I'm going to share with
the team.

**Alan Missen:**
谢谢你。我感觉Dave更像是主题演讲者，而不是我。我只是有一些见解要和团队分享。

**Alan Missen:** Um, but, um, yeah, thanks for giving me a few minutes
and a little bit of a break between what have been.

**Alan Missen:**
但是，是的，谢谢你给我几分钟时间，在这些……之间稍作休息。

**Alan Missen:** Exceptional use cases and demos so far. I love… so far,
just the sort of the diversity of the types of ways that we're sort of
piloting and playing with.

**Alan Missen:**
到目前为止，都是非常出色的用例和演示。我喜欢……到目前为止，我们正在试行和尝试的各种方式的多样性。

**Alan Missen:** With AR, AI has been really good. I know, you know, one
of my goals today was.

**Alan Missen:**
在AR（增强现实）方面，AI一直表现得非常好。我知道，你知道，我今天的目标之一是。

**Alan Missen:** For everybody to learn. I know I've already learned a
ton, um, already in this first sort of hour of show and tell.

**Alan Missen:**
让每个人都能学习。我知道我已经学到了很多，就在这第一个小时的展示和分享中。

**Alan Missen:** Um, so hopefully you guys are getting as much out of it
as I am.

**Alan Missen:** 所以希望你们也能像我一样从中获益良多。

**Alan Missen:** Um, you guys see my screen?

**Alan Missen:** 你们能看到我的屏幕吗？

**Alan Missen:** Am I sharing? I think I'm sharing.

**Alan Missen:** 我在分享吗？我想我是在分享。

**Marina Stojanovic:** We still only see you. Now we see it.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们仍然只看到你。现在我们看到了。

**Alan Missen:** Okay? How about now? Awesome. All right.

**Alan Missen:** 好的？现在呢？太棒了。好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** There we go.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好了。

**Alan Missen:** So I started the day a little bit with those quotes,
um….

**Alan Missen:** 所以我今天开始时引用了一些名言……

**Alan Missen:** When we were sort of bantering back and forth with Dave
and getting his… some of… some insights, I thought I would maybe start
off with a little bit of fun facts.

**Alan Missen:**
当我们和Dave来回交流，并得到他的一些……一些见解时，我想我或许可以从一些有趣的事实开始。

**Alan Missen:** Just around, sort of, AI in general,from a couple of
different dimensions.

从几个不同的维度，来谈谈AI的概况。

**Alan Missen:** Um, first is, sort of, what's sort of going on globally
around, sort of, the economic impact and growth around this? And we… a
couple of these I sort of touched on earlier.

**Alan Missen:**
首先，全球范围内关于AI的经济影响和增长情况是怎样的？其中有几点我之前已经稍微提到过。

**Alan Missen:** Um, but if you kind of look at the global AI.

**Alan Missen:** 但如果你看一下全球AI市场。

**Alan Missen:** Market. Companies were valued at about half a trillion
dollars at the end of last year, so only a few months ago.

**Alan Missen:**
市场。去年年底，相关公司的总市值约为五千亿美元，也就是几个月前。

**Alan Missen:** And again, the forecast is. A growth trajectory of
about 37% a year. I've been a lot… this is industry 11 for me.

**Alan Missen:**
再次强调，预测的年增长轨迹约为37%。我经历了很多……这对我来说是第11个行业了。

**Alan Missen:** I've never seen a CAGR of 37% over a 7-year window in a
plan before, or an expectation. That is unbelievable.

**Alan Missen:**
我从未在任何计划或预期中见过在7年内实现37%的复合年增长率。这简直令人难以置信。

**Alan Missen:** You know, we're looking at a \$1.8 trillion valuation
for AI companies in a very, very short window, so I think that.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，我们正在展望一个在极短时间内AI公司市值达到1.8万亿美元的未来，所以我认为这。

**Alan Missen:** Fascinating. And when we look at what, um, the
projected contribution that's gonna make.

**Alan Missen:** 非常引人入胜。当我们审视它预计将做出的贡献时。

**Alan Missen:** To the global economy. Within… by 2030, it's expected
to be almost \$16 trillion. And just for some data.

**Alan Missen:**
对全球经济的贡献。到2030年，预计将达到近16万亿美元。仅提供一些数据参考。

**Alan Missen:** That would surpass China and India's. Economies
combined. So it's a massive component of what's coming around. So.

**Alan Missen:**
这将超过中国和印度经济体的总和。所以这是未来发展的一个巨大组成部分。所以。

**Alan Missen:** This idea, I think Mike sort of teed it up yesterday
around, is this fad. This is clearly not a fad.

**Alan Missen:**
这个想法，我想Mike昨天已经提到了，关于这是否只是一时的风尚。这显然不是。

**Alan Missen:** Um, in terms of productivity, the expectation is that
AI should improve employee productivity by at least 40% in the coming.

**Alan Missen:**
在生产力方面，预期AI将在未来几年内将员工生产力提高至少40%。

**Alan Missen:** In the coming years. Um…. And the other one that's been
really interesting, because a lot of organizations that struggle with
this, is the value.

**Alan Missen:**
在未来几年。另一个非常有趣的点，因为很多组织都在为此挣扎，那就是价值。

**Alan Missen:** Around it, the ROI around it. Um, it's been a bit
tricky at times, particularly with some of the utility tools, like
Copilot. You give somebody 15, 20, 30 minutes of time back a day. How
does that turn into.

**Alan Missen:** 围绕它的价值，它的投资回报率（ROI：Return on
Investment）。有时这有点棘手，特别是对于像Copilot这样的实用工具。你每天给某人节省了15、20、30分钟的时间。这如何转化为。

**Alan Missen:** True value for an organization, because you can't
necessarily point at it in a P&L.

**Alan Missen:** 对组织的真正价值，因为你未必能在一个损益表（P&L：Profit
and Loss Statement）上直接指出它。

**Alan Missen:** Um, but organizations who are being very targeted.
Around what they're using AI for are starting to see a turnaround in the
ROI equation. So 74% of organizations.

**Alan Missen:**
但是，那些非常有针对性地使用AI的组织，已经开始在投资回报率方面看到转机。74%的组织。

**Alan Missen:** Um, they're using some more advanced AI initiatives,
are meeting or exceeding their ROI expectations, and 20% of those ROIs.

**Alan Missen:**
他们正在使用一些更先进的AI举措，达到了或超过了他们的投资回报率预期，而其中20%的投资回报率。

**Alan Missen:** Are actually greater than 30%. So I think that sort of
points to us really being thoughtful. I love the experimentation and the
breadth of the types of things we're playing with, but.

**Alan Missen:**
实际上超过了30%。所以我认为这表明我们真的需要深思熟虑。我喜欢实验和我们正在尝试的各种事物的广度，但是。

**Alan Missen:** Part of our journey, I do think, is sort of the
prioritization of the ones that are going to be the most meaningful to
the business.

**Alan Missen:**
我确实认为，我们旅程的一部分，是对那些对业务最有意义的事情进行优先级排序。

**Alan Missen:** Um, and then, you know, Dave talked a little bit about
this as well. Ai is very, very quickly become the top funded.

**Alan Missen:**
然后，你知道，Dave也稍微谈到了这一点。AI已经非常、非常迅速地成为资金最充裕的领域。

**Alan Missen:** Sector, right? Already one-third of VC funding.

**Alan Missen:** 行业，对吧？已经有三分之一的风险投资（VC：Venture
Capital）资金。

**Alan Missen:** Is going directly towards AI-related companies in
really a very, very short time. So for it to become the number one
sector.

**Alan Missen:**
在非常、非常短的时间内直接流向了与AI相关的公司。所以它能成为第一大行业。

**Alan Missen:** In literally the space of the year is fascinating. Um,
if I look at the next dynamic around, sort of, usage, and this is really
more of a business usage lens.

**Alan Missen:**
在短短一年内就实现，这真是令人着迷。如果我看一下下一个关于使用情况的动态，这更多的是从商业使用的角度来看。

**Alan Missen:** Um, adoption, um, for business… businesses, uh, by the
end of 24 was about 72% of businesses were reporting.

**Alan Missen:** 到24年底，商业领域的采用率大约为72%的企业报告称。

**Alan Missen:** You know, using AI and at least one function. Um, and
that's a significant leap over 2023. Gen AI, similarly, the adoption has
soared.

**Alan Missen:**
至少在一个职能上使用AI。这比2023年有了显著的飞跃。同样，生成式AI的采用率也飙升了。

**Alan Missen:** Um, with about 50% of businesses using them by the end
of 2024.

**Alan Missen:** 到2024年底，约有50%的企业在使用它们。

**Alan Missen:** And that's up 33% from 2023. So the acceleration of
use, and we're seeing that, Rahim and I are seeing that.

**Alan Missen:**
这比2023年增长了33%。所以使用的加速，我们看到了，Rahim和我也看到了。

**Alan Missen:** With some of the tools that we've got in place around
Copilot, we're seeing a very aggressive.

**Alan Missen:**
通过我们围绕Copilot部署的一些工具，我们看到了非常积极的增长。

**Alan Missen:** Utilization number sort of growing. And just for
another data point, that 33% growth in Gen AI year over year.

**Alan Missen:**
使用率在增长。再提供一个数据点，生成式AI每年33%的增长率。

**Alan Missen:** That surpasses the initial adoption of smartphones. So,
just to compare it.

**Alan Missen:** 超过了智能手机的初始采用率。所以，只是为了比较一下。

**Alan Missen:** That's… and we know how popular smartphones were.
That's, again, another one of those points where, is this a fad? I think
not. This is definitely here to stay.

**Alan Missen:**
这……我们知道智能手机曾经多么受欢迎。这再次是那些观点之一，这只是一时的风尚吗？我不这么认为。这绝对会持续下去。

**Alan Missen:** Um, speaking of devices, AI embedded in devices. Nearly
77% of devices now.

**Alan Missen:** 谈到设备，嵌入AI的设备。现在将近77%的设备。

**Alan Missen:** Are using some sort of form in AI. The top 3 are the
top business use cases, I don't think are going to be any surprise to
anybody. We've seen a number of them today.

**Alan Missen:**
都在使用某种形式的AI。前三大商业用例，我想对任何人来说都不会感到意外。我们今天已经看到了很多。

**Alan Missen:** Um, time savings is at the top of the list in terms of
efficiency. Content creation, the marketing teams.

**Alan Missen:** 在效率方面，节省时间位居榜首。内容创作，市场营销团队。

**Alan Missen:** Have been using a lot of that around content creation.
Generating ideas is another big use case around, sort of, like, poking
into the tools to generate ideas, and of course, simplifying processes.
Those are kind of the… I would call those the usual suspects.

**Alan Missen:**
在内容创作方面已经大量使用。生成想法是另一个大的用例，就像是探索工具来产生想法，当然还有简化流程。这些可以称之为……我称之为“老面孔”。

**Alan Missen:** Um, the three areas, um. In sort of corporate, um,
worlds that have been impacted so far the most positively in terms of
value.

**Alan Missen:**
在企业界，到目前为止在价值方面受到最积极影响的三个领域是。

**Alan Missen:** Um, and I'll talk a little bit about that in a minute
as well, in terms of our experience.

**Alan Missen:** 我稍后也会谈谈这一点，就我们的经验而言。

**Alan Missen:** Has been customer support. Software development across
a number of different dimensions.

**Alan Missen:** 一直是客户支持。软件开发跨越了多个不同维度。

**Alan Missen:** Code generation testing. Um, even use case development,
uh, and marketing. Those are the three areas that have seen the most
value so far, even though.

**Alan Missen:**
代码生成测试。甚至用例开发，以及市场营销。这是迄今为止看到最大价值的三个领域，尽管。

**Alan Missen:** As we see this agentic journey coming, it's really sort
of impacting every function in most organizations.

**Alan Missen:**
随着我们看到这个智能体旅程的到来，它实际上正在影响大多数组织的每一个职能。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, and the top… the top tools, um, ChatGBT, no big
surprise, Copy.ai and Jasper AI are kind of the top three that are.

**Alan Missen:** 顶级的工具，ChatGPT，毫不意外，Copy.ai和Jasper
AI是排名前三的。

**Alan Missen:** Being used in the consumer and the business space. Um,
if I look at the next dynamic around.

**Alan Missen:** 在消费者和商业领域被使用。如果我看一下下一个动态。

**Alan Missen:** Sort of the workforce and how this is impacting the
workforce. You heard Dave make a comment earlier that I thought was
interesting about all of our JDs are changing on the fly, right? And I
think that's a really interesting comment to make.

**Alan Missen:**
劳动力以及这对劳动力的影响。你之前听到Dave做了一个评论，我觉得很有趣，他说我们所有的职位描述（JD：Job
Description）都在动态变化，对吧？我认为这是一个非常有趣的评论。

**Alan Missen:** You know, if we think about, sort of, job creation and
displacement.

**Alan Missen:** 你知道，如果我们思考一下工作创造和工作替代。

**Alan Missen:** There is going to be a lot of churn, um, around jobs,
um, jobs that might be going away, but net new jobs that are starting
because of AI, hence getting in front of it for all of us as
individuals.

**Alan Missen:**
将会有大量的职位流动，一些工作可能会消失，但由于AI，新的工作岗位正在出现，因此我们每个人都需要走在前面。

**Alan Missen:** On our own personal learning journey. So, the thinking
right now is that this sort of net job number will actually grow because
of AI.

**Alan Missen:**
在我们自己的个人学习旅程中。所以，现在的想法是，由于AI，净工作岗位数量实际上会增长。

**Alan Missen:** In the area of 10-15%, but there is likely to be quite
a bit of, sort of, churn around some jobs going away and a lot of new
jobs being created.

**Alan Missen:**
在10-15%的范围内，但很可能会有相当多的职位流动，一些工作岗位消失，同时创造出许多新的工作岗位。

**Alan Missen:** The other thing that's interesting is the skill gap.
Uh, and one of the early sort of use cases, particularly around
learning, is actually.

**Alan Missen:**
另一件有趣的事情是技能差距。早期的一个用例，特别是在学习方面，实际上是。

**Alan Missen:** Allowing the bridge of skill gap between, sort of, low
and high skill workers. The most obvious example that I've seen in the
past is I used to run large call centers.

**Alan Missen:**
弥合低技能和高技能工人之间的技能差距。我过去见过的最明显的例子是我曾经运营大型呼叫中心。

**Alan Missen:** And it would take us quite a while to get a new rep
that would be… would have started with us to actually get productive.

**Alan Missen:**
我们需要相当长的时间才能让一个新来的代表……一个刚加入我们的代表，真正变得高效。

**Alan Missen:** Um, AI is now really helping. Accelerate somebody
getting productive in roles like that, so they get to be a knowledge
worker much faster instead of a 3, 4, 5 month window.

**Alan Missen:**
AI现在真的在帮助加速某人在这类角色中变得高效，所以他们能更快地成为知识工作者，而不是需要三、四、五个月的时间。

**Alan Missen:** They're getting to… they're getting to that window in,
say, 30 to 60 days.

**Alan Missen:** 他们大概在30到60天内就能达到那个水平。

**Alan Missen:** Um, so that's… it's really been interesting to see
that. On sort of the societal side of things, and how consumers have
sort of looking at AI.

**Alan Missen:**
所以这……看到这一点真的很有趣。在社会层面，以及消费者如何看待AI。

**Alan Missen:** Um, 84% of Americans actually use one or more
AI-powered devices or services today.

**Alan Missen:**
如今，84%的美国人实际上使用一种或多种AI驱动的设备或服务。

**Alan Missen:** 55% of Americans. Regularly interact with AI several
times a day, several times a week.

**Alan Missen:** 55%的美国人每天或每周多次与AI进行互动。

**Alan Missen:** But only 34% of consumers realize they are actually
directly experiencing AI, which I find.

**Alan Missen:**
但只有34%的消费者意识到他们实际上正在直接体验AI，我发现这一点。

**Alan Missen:** That fascinating that so many are, but so many don't
realize that they are.

**Alan Missen:**
如此引人入胜，有这么多人正在使用，但却有这么多人没有意识到。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, the top sort of big… the virtual assistant is kind
of, like, the big area where people are interacting the most.

**Alan Missen:** 顶级的……虚拟助手是人们互动最多的主要领域。

**Alan Missen:** Um, you know, assistance like Alexa and Siri. You know,
being the most popular of those. Um….

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，像Alexa和Siri这样的助手。它们是其中最受欢迎的。嗯……

**Alan Missen:** I mentioned this on the chat with Dave. There's a fair
bit of, I would say, 50% of consumers are optimistic about AI.

**Alan Missen:**
我在和Dave的聊天中提到了这一点。可以说，有相当一部分，大约50%的消费者对AI持乐观态度。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, but as we sit here today, 3 quarters of them are
actually quite concerned… concerned about, uh, misinformation.

**Alan Missen:**
但今天我们坐在这里，他们中有四分之三的人实际上非常担心……担心错误信息。

**Alan Missen:** Um, so that trust factor that you heard Dave talk about
a little bit earlier, um, the real, you know, the RAI angle of what it
is that we do is so important to create that trust.

**Alan Missen:**
所以，你之前听到Dave稍微谈到的那个信任因素，我们所做事情的真正，你知道，负责任AI（RAI）的角度，对于建立那种信任至关重要。

**Alan Missen:** You know, internally, as well as with our customers.
Uh, when I look at healthcare, we talked a little bit about this, Dave
gave some perspective as well, but, you know, in some of the research I
was looking at, it's astonishing to see.

**Alan Missen:**
无论是在内部，还是与我们的客户。当我审视医疗健康领域时，我们稍微谈到了这一点，Dave也给出了一些观点，但是，你知道，在我看的一些研究中，看到这一点令人震惊。

**Alan Missen:** How already AI is starting to make a big difference in
things like, you know, brain scans being twice as accurate as they used
to be, bone scans. So scanning technologies, AI-based.

**Alan Missen:**
AI已经开始在诸如脑部扫描准确性提高一倍、骨骼扫描等方面产生巨大影响。所以，基于AI的扫描技术。

**Alan Missen:** Seem to be delivering much better results, getting to
better outcomes for customers.

**Alan Missen:** 似乎正在提供更好的结果，为客户带来更好的成果。

**Alan Missen:** Ambulatory evaluations. The other one that's
fascinating, Dave mentioned the preventative side of it, you know.

**Alan Missen:**
门诊评估。另一个引人入胜的是，Dave提到了预防性方面，你知道的。

**Alan Missen:** Disease prediction, um…. In, you know, in patients who
are not showing any symptoms.

**Alan Missen:** 疾病预测，在那些没有表现出任何症状的患者中。

**Alan Missen:** Um, they're talking about, you know, AI being able to
predict.

**Alan Missen:** 他们在谈论，你知道，AI能够预测。

**Alan Missen:** You know, thousands of…. You know, of diseases that
they will be able to get in front of before maybe humans are starting to
feel any.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，成千上万种……你知道，他们将能够提前预测的疾病，可能在人类开始感觉到任何症状之前。

**Alan Missen:** Any symptoms at all by picking up other data signals.
So that's, to me, fascinating.

**Alan Missen:**
通过捕捉其他数据信号来发现任何症状。所以对我来说，这很迷人。

**Alan Missen:** Clinical chatbots around, sort of, triage and helping
doctors, you know, do triage faster.

**Alan Missen:** 围绕分诊的临床聊天机器人，帮助医生更快地进行分诊。

**Alan Missen:** And then, of course, a place that's near and dear to
our heart is a lot of the administrative burden.

**Alan Missen:**
当然，还有一个我们非常关心的地方，那就是大量的行政负担。

**Alan Missen:** Relief, you know, PCC, clearly, that's a big part of
our journey, I think, on the product side.

**Alan Missen:**
减轻负担，你知道，PCC（PointClickCare），显然，这是我们旅程中很重要的一部分，我认为，在产品方面。

**Alan Missen:** Um, but also players like Microsoft and Google are, um,
are playing a key role in that as well, particularly in healthcare.
They're starting to tackle that space as well.

**Alan Missen:**
但像微软和谷歌这样的公司也在其中扮演着关键角色，特别是在医疗健康领域。他们也开始涉足那个领域。

**Alan Missen:** Okay. Um, I'm gonna just put this slide up for a
second. It's not one I want to spend a lot of time on, but it's
interesting. This is actually given to us by.

**Alan Missen:**
好的。我把这张幻灯片放一下。我不想花太多时间在上面，但它很有趣。这实际上是……

**Alan Missen:** Our partners at H&F, and I know Dave had this given to
him at a, I think, a CEO.

**Alan Missen:** 我们的合作伙伴H&F（Hellman &
Friedman）给我们的，我知道Dave在一次CEO会议上收到了这个。

**Alan Missen:** Dialogue. Um, and one of the things that I love about.

**Alan Missen:** 对话。我喜欢的一件事是。

**Alan Missen:** Private equity firms is they're… they tend to be quite
directive. Um, so this wasn't just sort of an art of the possible kind
of conversation. It was a little bit more like, here's who's winning.

**Alan Missen:**
私募股权公司，他们……他们往往很有指导性。所以这不仅仅是一种“艺术的可能性”的对话。它更像是，这是谁在赢。

**Alan Missen:** So here's where you should absolutely be spending your
focus as an organization, but here's where experimentation is going.

**Alan Missen:**
所以这里是你作为一个组织绝对应该投入精力的地方，但这里是实验正在进行的地方。

**Alan Missen:** And so the big three, uh, that are listed here, um,
we've already kind of mentioned. So on the software development side,
coding, testing, security, project planning.

**Alan Missen:**
这里列出的三大领域，我们已经提到过。在软件开发方面，编码、测试、安全、项目规划。

**Alan Missen:** You know, um, we… I would say we are starting to see
value in a lot of those things already in PCC. I would say it's still
early days, but I think both in sort of the corporate tech functions.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，我们……我想说我们已经开始在PCC的很多这些方面看到价值。我想说现在还为时过早，但我认为在企业技术职能方面。

**Alan Missen:** As well as with Bill's engineering team, and some of
the work that they're doing, we're already starting to see some value,
some experimentation, but also some actual productivity.

**Alan Missen:**
以及Bill的工程团队和他们正在做的一些工作，我们已经开始看到一些价值，一些实验，还有一些实际的生产力。

**Alan Missen:** Um, around that space. And I would say we're also, you
know, even seeing value in sort of the early-stage project work, so
we're doing a lot of work within the OCIO around sort of gathering
requirements, building out use cases, and rolling that into a project.

**Alan Missen:**
在那个领域。我想说我们甚至在早期项目工作中也看到了价值，所以我们在OCIO（首席信息官办公室）内部做了很多工作，比如收集需求、构建用例，并将其整合到一个项目中。

**Alan Missen:** Um, by leveraging AI, so…. Quite a bit of activity,
quite a bit of valuable use cases in the software space.

**Alan Missen:**
通过利用AI，所以……在软件领域有很多活动，很多有价值的用例。

**Alan Missen:** Customer service is kind of really at the top area,
where there have been multiple use cases.

**Alan Missen:** 客户服务确实是顶级领域，已经有多个用例。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, that are directly customer touching. Um, and we are
working pretty, uh, aggressively with Elaine and the customer support
team.

**Alan Missen:**
直接接触客户。我们正在与Elaine和客户支持团队非常积极地合作。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, around some ideation that we've got, and a roadmap
to help them there. Uh, and then marketing is another area that has
absolutely exploded in terms of leveraging AI, and I mentioned earlier
this idea of a creative ally.

**Alan Missen:**
围绕我们的一些构思，以及一个帮助他们的路线图。然后市场营销是另一个在利用AI方面绝对爆炸性增长的领域，我之前提到了这个“创意盟友”的想法。

**Alan Missen:** Around content creation. There was an example. Um, of a
small startup who was trying to get a lot of social posts done, and they
implemented an AI.

**Alan Missen:**
围绕内容创作。有一个例子。一个小型初创公司试图完成大量的社交媒体帖子，他们实施了一个AI。

**Alan Missen:** Assistant to help them with that, and…. They'd started
doing 60… 50 social posts.

**Alan Missen:** 助手来帮助他们，而且……他们开始做60……50个社交帖子。

**Alan Missen:** In a few hours, which was generally what it was taking,
um, their, their, uh, their staffer about a week to do. So.

**Alan Missen:**
在几个小时内，而这通常是他们的员工需要大约一周时间才能完成的。所以。

**Alan Missen:** Massive increase in, sort of, productivity. Um, so
that's on the drive side, uh, and the experimental side, it's
interesting. I think this data's actually changed even since the slide
was created, because.

**Alan Missen:**
生产力的大幅提升。所以这是在驱动方面，而在实验方面，很有趣。我认为这个数据实际上自幻灯片创建以来已经发生了变化，因为。

**Alan Missen:** Um, they're… they're definitely kind of pointing to a
lot of experimentation around this agentic push.

**Alan Missen:** 他们……他们肯定在指向很多围绕这个智能体推动的实验。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, AM platform push, which you've seen a couple of
examples of that already this morning, where we've had, you know,
partners and vendors.

**Alan Missen:**
AM（资产管理）平台的推动，今天早上你已经看到了几个例子，我们有合作伙伴和供应商。

**Alan Missen:** Who are delivering capability that we can take
advantage of. I think the Gainsight example that Pam gave was fantastic.

**Alan Missen:**
他们正在提供我们可以利用的能力。我认为Pam给出的Gainsight的例子非常棒。

**Alan Missen:** Um, so you're, you know, we now are seeing this
starting to impact every other corporate function as well. So on the
drive side, sort of the winners to date, it's sort of been targeted at.

**Alan Missen:**
所以，你知道，我们现在看到这开始影响到所有其他的公司职能。所以在驱动方面，迄今为止的赢家，它一直被定位于。

**Alan Missen:** A more modest list, but you can see in this
experimental column, it's really starting to impact everybody, and the
sort of the platform push from all the vendors.

**Alan Missen:**
一个更温和的列表，但你可以在这个实验栏中看到，它真的开始影响到每一个人，以及所有供应商的平台推动。

**Alan Missen:** And the agentic push that's happening is really kind of
driving a lot of that.

**Alan Missen:** 而正在发生的智能体推动，实际上正在驱动着这一切。

**Alan Missen:** Okay. Um…. The next thing I was going to talk about.

**Alan Missen:** 好的。接下来我要谈的是。

**Alan Missen:** Was sort of, what is, you know, what's been… what's the
journey looked like for us so far.

**Alan Missen:** 是关于，你知道，到目前为止我们的旅程是怎样的。

**Alan Missen:** Here at PCC. I would say that our AI corporate
strategy, um.

**Alan Missen:** 在PCC。我想说我们的AI企业战略。

**Alan Missen:** You know, Dean and team were clearly working on this on
the product side earlier. Our journeys probably started about 15 or 16
months ago.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，Dean和他的团队早些时候显然在产品方面致力于此。我们的旅程大概始于15或16个月前。

**Alan Missen:** Um, and early on, I would say it was very sort of
assistant-focused, because that's where the technology was at that time.

**Alan Missen:**
早期，我想说它非常注重助手功能，因为当时的技术水平就是那样。

**Alan Missen:** You know, so it was very much sort of a question and
answer journey around Gen AI capabilities, right? So, Microsoft Copilot.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，所以这很大程度上是一个围绕生成式AI能力的问答之旅，对吧？所以，Microsoft
Copilot。

**Alan Missen:** It was around, sort of, individual productivity. Uh,
focused, uh, and in FY24.

**Alan Missen:** 它主要是围绕个人生产力。专注于此，在24财年。

**Alan Missen:** Um, just a couple of numbers here. We probably had
about 100,000 co-pilot requests the first year we launched the platform.

**Alan Missen:**
这里有几个数字。我们推出平台的第一年，大概有10万个Copilot请求。

**Alan Missen:** Um, with Microsoft, and that probably…. According to
what I like to call Microsoft math, um, they estimated that to be
probably in the area of 10 to 15 minutes.

**Alan Missen:**
与微软合作，这可能……根据我喜欢称之为“微软数学”的计算，他们估计这大概在10到15分钟的范围内。

**Alan Missen:** A week of time savings per employee. Across the entire
organization.

**Alan Missen:** 每位员工每周节省的时间。在整个组织范围内。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, in FY25, that number has changed quite
dramatically. Um, we are probably gonna end up at north of a quarter
million, uh, co-pilot actions.

**Alan Missen:**
在25财年，这个数字发生了巨大的变化。我们可能会有超过25万次的Copilot操作。

**Alan Missen:** Requested, and another 150,000 LLM actions, GPT
actions. Uh, and the impact of that would appear to be somewhere in the
range of about \$50,000 to \$60,000.

**Alan Missen:**
请求，以及另外15万次LLM（大型语言模型）操作，GPT操作。其影响似乎在5万到6万美元的范围内。

**Alan Missen:** Hours of what Microsoft likes to call assisted hours,
or time savings.

**Alan Missen:** 微软喜欢称之为“辅助小时”或“时间节省”的小时数。

**Alan Missen:** So that's sort of taken us from a 10 to 15 minute.

**Alan Missen:** 所以这让我们从10到15分钟。

**Alan Missen:** A week, uh, of time back to what looks to be closer to
about 30 minutes. So that's actually quite a good bump, sort of year
over year, in terms of sort of usage and adoption.

**Alan Missen:**
一周的时间，回到了看起来接近30分钟的水平。所以这实际上是一个相当不错的同比增长，在使用和采用方面。

**Alan Missen:** Um, that we are seeing with Copilot. 92% of you are
using it, uh, on a consistent basis.

**Alan Missen:**
我们在Copilot上看到了这一点。你们中有92%的人在持续地使用它。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, we've seen a… and even in… even in recent months,
we're continuing to see an even stronger acceleration. We've seen about
a 125% increase.

**Alan Missen:**
我们看到了……甚至在……甚至在最近几个月，我们继续看到更强劲的加速。我们看到了大约125%的增长。

**Alan Missen:** Just since January, in Copilot. Actions and doubling
down on the assisted hours.

**Alan Missen:** 就在一月份以来，在Copilot中。行动和加倍投入的辅助时间。

**Alan Missen:** Um, the areas that typically people are seeing the most
value today.

**Alan Missen:** 今天人们通常看到最大价值的领域。

**Alan Missen:** In terms of props and value is definitely sort of
meeting-related. It's absolutely at the top of the list. It's probably
50%… 50 to 60% of the value.

**Alan Missen:**
在提示和价值方面，绝对是与会议相关的。它绝对排在首位。它可能占了50%……50%到60%的价值。

**Alan Missen:** So, those meeting summaries, um, those sorts of things
are absolutely at the top of the list.

**Alan Missen:** 所以，那些会议摘要，那些东西绝对是排在首位的。

**Alan Missen:** Corporate search is another interesting one. It's a
significant portion of the usage today, and I find that interesting,
because there's.

**Alan Missen:**
企业搜索是另一个有趣的领域。它占了今天使用量的很大一部分，我觉得这很有趣，因为有。

**Alan Missen:** There's sort of a tagline being floated out there
around AI that's saying, is AI the new UI?

**Alan Missen:**
有一个关于AI的口号正在流传，说的是，AI是新的用户界面（UI）吗？

**Alan Missen:** So much like Google kind of changed the search dynamic
with a very simple UI.

**Alan Missen:** 就像谷歌用一个非常简单的用户界面改变了搜索的动态。

**Alan Missen:** A search bar, and you go in and drastically changed,
sort of, how that experience is.

**Alan Missen:** 一个搜索栏，你进去后，就彻底改变了那种体验。

**Alan Missen:** Will AI, you know, and agents sort of change that as
well? You heard Dave talk about, we're getting past the days of humans
entering something, you know, so those sort of… a lot of activity around
sort of voice, consuming voice data.

**Alan Missen:**
AI和智能体也会改变这一点吗？你听到Dave说，我们正在告别需要人类输入的时代，所以那些……很多围绕语音、消费语音数据的活动。

**Alan Missen:** And going off and doing a task, um, or bringing back
information. So.

**Alan Missen:** 然后去执行任务，或者带回信息。所以。

**Alan Missen:** Um, you know, the idea of old-fashioned, sort of,
intranets, um, for employees. Does that go away? And we're starting…
we're actually starting to see that a little bit with Copilot and people
starting, say, an HR journey or a question.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，那种老式的、为员工服务的内网的想法。它会消失吗？我们开始……我们实际上开始在Copilot上看到一点点这种情况，人们开始，比如说，一个HR旅程或一个问题。

**Alan Missen:** Within Copilot as their UI versus going to a more
sophisticated website.

**Alan Missen:**
在Copilot中作为他们的用户界面，而不是去一个更复杂的网站。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, and then email's kind of the third area where we're
seeing quite a bit of usage.

**Alan Missen:** 然后电子邮件是第三个我们看到相当多使用量的领域。

**Alan Missen:** Um, the other area I've listed here is Spark. So
Spark's very similar to what you just saw, um, with the, uh, with the
Reggie tool, uh, but we started out with the customer service group last
year. It was really kind of an experiment for Rahim's team.

**Alan Missen:**
我在这里列出的另一个领域是Spark。Spark与你刚才看到的Reggie工具非常相似，但我们去年是从客户服务组开始的。这实际上是Rahim团队的一个实验。

**Alan Missen:** Um, it's a knowledge-based tool, natural language
responses, um, but we sort of….

**Alan Missen:** 它是一个基于知识的工具，提供自然语言响应，但我们有点……

**Alan Missen:** Added it to the team as sort of, again, an ally.

**Alan Missen:** 再次，把它作为一个盟友加入到团队中。

**Alan Missen:** So it wasn't replacing reps, it was really a tool for
the reps to get better and faster when answering questions to customers,
and I think it supported north of 150,000 questions.

**Alan Missen:**
所以它不是取代代表，它实际上是让代表在回答客户问题时变得更好、更快的一个工具，我认为它支持了超过15万个问题。

**Alan Missen:** Last year, um, in dealing with the customer service
team. We saw improvements in mean time to resolution, and CSAT and
customer effort, um, through that. So, again, a little experiment that
actually went.

**Alan Missen:**
去年，在与客户服务团队打交道时。我们看到了平均解决时间的改善，以及客户满意度（CSAT）和客户努力度的提升。所以，再次，一个小实验实际上取得了。

**Alan Missen:** Did deliver some decent sort of value. Um, the other
thing we're starting to see more and more of is the other piece that we
talked about, which is.

**Alan Missen:**
确实带来了一些不错的价值。我们开始越来越多地看到的另一件事是我们谈到的另一部分，那就是。

**Alan Missen:** The… the application world, right? And application
partners are starting to come to the forefront, you know, in a number of
areas. Analytics.

**Alan Missen:**
应用世界，对吧？应用合作伙伴开始崭露头角，你知道，在很多领域。分析。

**Alan Missen:** Process automation, and then the software development
and security side for sure.

**Alan Missen:** 流程自动化，当然还有软件开发和安全方面。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, what you're looking at here was kind of a number
of.

**Alan Missen:** 你在这里看到的是一些。

**Alan Missen:** The vendors who came to us with solutions in 2024. I
would call it a bit of a wave.

**Alan Missen:**
2024年向我们提供解决方案的供应商。我会称之为一波小浪潮。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, but 2025 seems to be more like a tsunami. Um, and I
think I shared this data point earlier, but.

**Alan Missen:**
但2025年似乎更像一场海啸。我想我之前分享过这个数据点，但是。

**Alan Missen:** Literally within the next, sort of, 6 to 12 months, 80%
of software platforms are expected to have AI features.

**Alan Missen:**
实际上，在未来6到12个月内，预计80%的软件平台都将具备AI功能。

**Alan Missen:** Um, hence, you heard Dave talking about. Both the
opportunity we have, but frankly, the threat that we have, right? So.

**Alan Missen:**
因此，你听到了Dave谈到的。我们既有机遇，坦白说，也有威胁，对吧？所以。

**Alan Missen:** If they're not spending money with us, they could be
spending money with competitors. And so, from… on the product side,
that's definitely… I know there's a lot of.

**Alan Missen:**
如果他们不把钱花在我们身上，他们可能会花在竞争对手身上。所以，从……在产品方面，这绝对是……我知道有很多。

**Alan Missen:** Um, a lot of passion around, you know, getting to
market with more tools around what we can do to help our customers.

**Alan Missen:**
围绕着如何将更多工具推向市场，以帮助我们的客户，充满了热情。

**Alan Missen:** Um, I do think what's happened is. Not only are our
customers, I think all customers' expectations are drastically changing
around this, and there's an expectation.

**Alan Missen:**
我确实认为发生的事情是。不仅是我们的客户，我认为所有客户的期望都在围绕这一点发生巨大变化，并且有一种期望。

**Alan Missen:** Of having AI capabilities when a software vendor knocks
on your door. I think one of the conversations we're having internally
is.

**Alan Missen:**
当软件供应商敲门时，期望他们拥有AI能力。我认为我们内部正在进行的一个对话是。

**Alan Missen:** Do we actually make that a standard in an RFP at this
point?

**Alan Missen:**
我们现在是否真的应该将此作为RFP（征求建议书）中的一个标准？

**Alan Missen:** If you don't have AI capabilities and are working on it
with an active roadmap, you're not going to be included in an
evaluation, potentially. So that's….

**Alan Missen:**
如果你没有AI能力，并且没有一个积极的路线图在进行中，你可能就不会被纳入评估。所以这……

**Alan Missen:** I think a way for us to think a little bit differently
around sort of pushing our partners as well.

**Alan Missen:**
我认为这是我们以一种稍微不同的方式思考如何推动我们的合作伙伴的一种方式。

**Alan Missen:** So if I look at PCC today. Um, we have….

**Alan Missen:** 所以如果我今天看PCC。我们有……

**Alan Missen:** And sorry, at the beginning of that, on the right-hand
side, what we're, again, is more the tsunami. So again, I think we
probably had about a dozen vendors who were talking to us in 24 around.

**Alan Missen:**
抱歉，在开始时，在右侧，我们再次面临的是更像海啸的局面。所以再次，我想我们在24年大概有十几个供应商在和我们谈论。

**Alan Missen:** Um, sort of AI capabilities, and we should be
considering doing A, B, or C.

**Alan Missen:** AI能力，我们应该考虑做A、B或C。

**Alan Missen:** Um, I would say…. I don't know if we're at 80%, but it
feels like it's 80% of the vendors now are knocking on our door.
Gainsight's a great example where.

**Alan Missen:**
我想说……我不知道我们是否达到了80%，但感觉现在有80%的供应商在敲我们的门。Gainsight就是一个很好的例子。

**Alan Missen:** You know, those… some of those capabilities Pam was
showing, we've just turned on, right? And they've, you know, we… so we
have story after story after story of our partners.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，那些……Pam展示的一些能力，我们刚刚启用，对吧？他们……你知道，我们……所以我们有我们合作伙伴一个又一个的故事。

**Alan Missen:** And I do think, from a perspective of this group,
that's also part of what we should be learning, right? How can we become
experts on the.

**Alan Missen:**
我确实认为，从这个群体的角度来看，这也是我们应该学习的一部分，对吧？我们如何能成为……方面的专家。

**Alan Missen:** On those AI capabilities within the tools that we
already have.

**Alan Missen:** 在我们已有的工具中的那些AI能力上。

**Alan Missen:** Um, so Agentic building and building agents is a great
one as well, but I think actually becoming an expert on how the
Gainsight AI work.

**Alan Missen:**
所以，构建智能体也是一个很好的方向，但我认为真正成为Gainsight
AI工作原理的专家。

**Alan Missen:** Actually adds value. Those are really important to us
as well, because we've already made significant investments in these
platforms.

**Alan Missen:**
实际上增加了价值。这些对我们来说也非常重要，因为我们已经在这些平台上进行了重大投资。

**Alan Missen:** So if I think about where we are today, um, I think,
again, I mentioned this a little earlier when Dave and I were chatting.

**Alan Missen:**
所以如果我思考我们今天所处的位置，我想，再次，我之前和Dave聊天时稍微提到过。

**Alan Missen:** We actually have a fair bit of activity going on. We
have about 16 that we're aware of, it's probably higher than this.

**Alan Missen:**
我们实际上有很多活动在进行。我们知道的大概有16个，可能比这个数字更高。

**Alan Missen:** We have about 16 functional teams today. Um, that are
doing anywhere from 1 to 10.

**Alan Missen:**
我们今天大约有16个职能团队。它们正在做1到10个不等的事情。

**Alan Missen:** 10 different use cases that they are. Playing with
piloting, Summer Live, some are still in ideation state, so we have
north of about 70 unique use cases, a number of which you guys are
seeing today.

**Alan Missen:**
他们正在进行10个不同的用例。有些在试行，有些在夏季上线，有些仍处于构思阶段，所以我们有超过70个独特的用例，其中一些你们今天正在看到。

**Alan Missen:** Um, they are in various states of progression.
Ideation, POCs, pilots, and a number of them are live.

**Alan Missen:**
它们处于不同的进展阶段。构思、概念验证（POC）、试点，其中一些已经上线。

**Alan Missen:** Um, the capabilities that we are looking at are
actually quite diverse across those, and I think you'll get a good
flavor of all of that as you guys see the rest of the day as well. So
some of them are related to.

**Alan Missen:**
我们正在研究的能力实际上非常多样化，我想你们在接下来的时间里也会对所有这些有一个很好的了解。其中一些与。

**Alan Missen:** Insights, the voice and conversational intelligence,
um. Capabilities in a lot of these platforms is….

**Alan Missen:** 洞察、语音和对话智能，很多这些平台中的能力是……

**Alan Missen:** Is jumping through the roof. I think at the SLT. I
said, 30 days before the SLT, I think we had one platform that had
conversational intelligence capability. Today's would sit here, I think
we have five.

**Alan Missen:**
突飞猛进。我想在SLT（高级领导团队）会议上。我说，在SLT会议前30天，我想我们只有一个平台具备对话智能能力。今天坐在这里，我想我们有五个。

**Alan Missen:** And that's in the space of about 60 to 90 days. So
it's… some of this stuff is just exploding.

**Alan Missen:**
而这只是在大约60到90天的时间里。所以……有些东西简直是爆炸式增长。

**Alan Missen:** We had… we have co-pilots that people are looking at.
We have agent development that people are looking at. We have a Gentic
foundational frameworks that Cedric is working on that is fascinating.

**Alan Missen:**
我们有……人们正在关注的Copilot。我们有人们正在关注的智能体开发。我们有Cedric正在研究的Gentic基础框架，非常引人入胜。

**Alan Missen:** Um, and then we have even agents starting to talk to
agents, and I think that's a game changer. You heard Dave talk about
that earlier. So now agents in different ecosystems.

**Alan Missen:**
然后我们甚至有智能体开始与智能体对话，我认为这是一个改变游戏规则的东西。你之前听到Dave谈到过。所以现在不同生态系统中的智能体。

**Alan Missen:** Actually being able to interact with each other is
something that's sort of on this new verge. We just heard of a major
announcement from Salesforce this week around that exact thing, so.

**Alan Missen:**
实际上能够互相交互，这是处于新边缘的事情。我们本周刚听到Salesforce关于这件事的一个重大宣布，所以。

**Alan Missen:** If we want to have Microsoft agents talking to
Salesforce agents, that's now possible, and 3 months ago, it wasn't. So,
really exciting there. We've got CodeGen going on.

**Alan Missen:**
如果我们想让微软的智能体与Salesforce的智能体对话，现在这是可能的，而三个月前还不行。所以，这真的很令人兴奋。我们正在进行CodeGen（代码生成）。

**Alan Missen:** Customer experience AI activity going on, and a lot of
other stuff.

**Alan Missen:** 客户体验AI活动正在进行，还有很多其他事情。

**Alan Missen:** I would say we have a mixture of, sort of. Some buying
activity with tools, uh, but we've also got build activities going on,
so a pretty good mixture of both.

**Alan Missen:**
我想说我们有一种混合。有一些购买工具的活动，但我们也有构建活动在进行，所以两者结合得很好。

**Alan Missen:** Um, it's a lot, uh, but I would say that what… one of
the things we're trying to do, and I think today is the beginning of
that, is really kind of accelerate.

**Alan Missen:**
这很多，但我想说，我们正在努力做的一件事，我认为今天是开始，就是真正地加速。

**Alan Missen:** These ideas through the ideation state into actual
action, execution, and value. We seem to have a lot of the ideas that
are still.

**Alan Missen:**
将这些想法从构思阶段推进到实际行动、执行和价值。我们似乎有很多想法仍然。

**Alan Missen:** Kind of early stage, being played with or talked about.
We've got to be able to get through these cycles of, should we or
shouldn't we with this? Much, much more effectively than we have. We've
been, I would say, fairly modestly slow, and I keep… I keep coming back
to Dave's.

**Alan Missen:**
处于早期阶段，正在被尝试或讨论。我们必须能够更有效地度过这些“我们应该还是不应该这样做”的周期。我想说，我们一直相当缓慢，我一直……我一直回到Dave的观点。

**Alan Missen:** Passion around the speed of the organization, and
that's definitely an area we need to focus on.

**Alan Missen:** 对组织速度的热情，这绝对是我们需要关注的一个领域。

**Alan Missen:** Even though we do have quite a bit of actual activity.

**Alan Missen:** 尽管我们确实有很多实际活动。

**Alan Missen:** And, you know, I think the other area we've got
activity.

**Alan Missen:** 而且，你知道，我认为我们有活动的另一个领域。

**Alan Missen:** Um, and Cindy and I chatted about this briefly this
morning, is there is a pretty robust AI curriculum.

**Alan Missen:**
Cindy和我今天早上简短地聊过这个，有一个相当完善的AI课程体系。

**Alan Missen:** Um, that the HR team and the learning team have brought
forward. Hundreds of courses.

**Alan Missen:** 人力资源团队和学习团队已经推出了。数百门课程。

**Alan Missen:** Are available for you guys. And so, if we think about,
sort of, the genesis of this dialogue and learning at the core of the
discussion.

**Alan Missen:**
供你们选择。所以，如果我们思考一下这次对话的起源以及讨论核心的学习。

**Alan Missen:** You know, I think one of my action items. Is, and I
think it really needs to be all of ours, is to really take advantage of
that content and really start focusing on… on the actual.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，我认为我的一个行动项是，而且我认为这真的需要成为我们所有人的行动项，就是真正利用这些内容，并真正开始专注于……专注于实际的。

**Alan Missen:** Learning and accelerating our learning, and using the
tools that we have.

**Alan Missen:** 学习和加速我们的学习，并使用我们拥有的工具。

**Alan Missen:** And actually helping inform. Taking that enablement
capability to the next level.

**Alan Missen:**
并实际上帮助提供信息，将这种赋能能力提升到一个新的水平。

**Alan Missen:** Okay.

**Alan Missen:** 好的。

**Alan Missen:** Um, so as I kind of wrap. Um… I wanted to start with,
um….

**Alan Missen:** 所以在我总结的时候。我想从……开始。

**Alan Missen:** A couple of thoughts that maybe start with, sort of,
each of us as an individual, and then maybe roll into a little bit of,
sort of.

**Alan Missen:**
几个想法，或许可以从我们每个人作为个体开始，然后或许可以延伸到一些……

**Alan Missen:** The corporate AI-first culture. Um, I think we each
have sort of a personal and corporate… or we each have a personal
journey, and there's a corporate journey around this.

**Alan Missen:**
企业AI优先的文化。我认为我们每个人都有个人的和企业的……或者说我们每个人都有个人的旅程，而围绕这一点也有一个企业的旅程。

**Alan Missen:** Um, so I do think we should be asking… each of us
should be, you know, in this… in this….

**Alan Missen:**
所以我确实认为我们应该问……我们每个人都应该，你知道，在这个……在这个……

**Alan Missen:** Session today, really be leaving and asking ourselves,
what can we each do to maximize our.

**Alan Missen:**
今天的会议，真的应该在离开时问自己，我们每个人能做什么来最大化我们的。

**Alan Missen:** Impact. So, my little catchphrase there is, how can we
use AI.

**Alan Missen:** 影响。所以，我的小口号是，我们如何能使用AI。

**Alan Missen:** To AYI, to accelerate your impact in the organization.
Um, you know, to me, that's a commitment to learning.

**Alan Missen:** 来AYI（Accelerate Your
Impact：加速你的影响力），加速你在组织中的影响力。对我来说，这是一种对学习的承诺。

**Alan Missen:** To collaborating, to experimenting. You know, um, the
fact that we've got a CEO who yesterday shared with us that he's been
building agents.

**Alan Missen:**
合作、实验。你知道，我们有一位CEO，他昨天和我们分享说他一直在构建智能体。

**Alan Missen:** I think that's a pretty…. I've got some pretty cool
leadership shadow.

**Alan Missen:** 我认为那相当……我有一些非常酷的领导力榜样。

**Alan Missen:** Um, for us to be looking at what… how we should be
tackling this.

**Alan Missen:** 让我们思考我们应该如何应对这个问题。

**Alan Missen:** You know, and again, I think that today is all about…
is all about that learning.

**Alan Missen:** 你知道，再次，我认为今天就是关于……就是关于学习。

**Alan Missen:** Um, if I think about it maybe a little bit more from a
culture and a corporate perspective.

**Alan Missen:** 如果我从文化和企业的角度多思考一点。

**Alan Missen:** Um, there's a, you know, one of the hot phrases right
now is an AI-first culture, right? So, everybody's sort of talking about
that.

**Alan Missen:**
现在有一个热门词汇，叫做“AI优先文化”，对吧？所以大家都在谈论这个。

**Alan Missen:** My definition of, sort of, an AI-first culture would
be, you know, it means that making AI a part of every major decision.

**Alan Missen:**
我对“AI优先文化”的定义是，它意味着将AI作为每一个重大决策的一部分。

**Alan Missen:** Innovation and process in the organization, and it is
at the heart of how the organization operates.

**Alan Missen:** 组织的创新和流程，并且它处于组织运作的核心。

**Alan Missen:** So you heard Dave ask me a question earlier today
about, sort of, like, how are we thinking about AI as it applies to P2C,
right? So we've been talking about P2C as a transformational program.

**Alan Missen:**
所以你今天早些时候听到Dave问我一个问题，关于我们如何思考AI在P2C（产品到现金）中的应用，对吧？我们一直在谈论P2C作为一个转型项目。

**Alan Missen:** For a couple of years now. And we are in the heart of
delivering it right now.

**Alan Missen:** 已经有几年了。我们现在正处于交付它的核心阶段。

**Alan Missen:** But an AI-first organization would be starting to
apply, hey. We don't… let's not wait till we're done, and then think
about AI. Let's see what we can do to apply it right now. So I think
that's a very….

**Alan Missen:**
但一个AI优先的组织会开始应用，嘿。我们不要……我们不要等到做完了再考虑AI。让我们看看现在能做些什么来应用它。所以我认为这是一个非常……

**Alan Missen:** Valid way to sort of start your thinking around an
AI-first culture. I think an AI-first culture also requires.

**Alan Missen:** 开始思考AI优先文化的有效方式。我认为AI优先文化也需要。

**Alan Missen:** Deep knowledge on AI. What are its strengths? What are
its weaknesses? What are its potential impacts? And we need to be
thoughtful about that. Again, this comes back to the learning journey.

**Alan Missen:**
对AI有深入的了解。它的优势是什么？它的弱点是什么？它的潜在影响是什么？我们需要深思熟虑。再次，这又回到了学习的旅程。

**Alan Missen:** It also, you know, Dave talked about this, and we've
had… we're starting to have more and more dialogue about this, is.

**Alan Missen:**
另外，你知道，Dave谈到过这个，我们已经……我们开始越来越多地讨论这个，就是。

**Alan Missen:** It's about rethinking and redesigning the work
processes. Right? So there's an automation aspect to it, but it really
is around rethinking and redesigning work.

**Alan Missen:**
这是关于重新思考和重新设计工作流程。对吧？所以它有自动化的方面，但它真正是关于重新思考和重新设计工作。

**Alan Missen:** Right, so I kind of equate this back to, it's really a
combination of.

**Alan Missen:** 对，所以我把它归结为，这实际上是一个组合。

**Alan Missen:** Having sort of a lean Six Sigma mindset. Along with
applying AI tools to it. So I think that's another big part, as we sort
of evolved this AI-first culture that we need to be thoughtful about.

**Alan Missen:** 拥有精益六西格玛（Lean Six
Sigma：一种旨在通过消除浪费和减少缺陷来改进流程的方法论）的心态，并将其与AI工具的应用相结合。所以我认为这是另一个重要的部分，当我们发展这种AI优先文化时，我们需要深思熟虑。

**Alan Missen:** Um, I do think it also means adapting and embracing AI
as part of your daily work, right? So the co-pilot growth is a great
example. We're starting to see people really, sort of.

**Alan Missen:**
我确实认为这也意味着适应和拥抱AI作为你日常工作的一部分，对吧？所以Copilot的增长就是一个很好的例子。我们开始看到人们真的。

**Alan Missen:** Use that tool more and more. But I think each of us
should be thoughtful about, how do I create an AI habit for myself?

**Alan Missen:**
越来越多地使用那个工具。但我认为我们每个人都应该思考，我如何为自己创造一个AI习惯？

**Alan Missen:** Um, and there's lots of books out there on how to
create a habit, so I won't go through the details of that, but I think
we should all be thoughtful about how we are creating.

**Alan Missen:**
有很多关于如何养成习惯的书，所以我不会详细介绍，但我认为我们都应该思考我们如何创造。

**Alan Missen:** That sort of daily habit in our life around AI. Um, I
also think a part of the culture is what we are doing today, encouraging
teams to work with AI, and this… today's session is the poster child.

**Alan Missen:**
那种围绕AI的日常生活习惯。我也认为文化的一部分是我们今天正在做的事情，鼓励团队与AI合作，而今天的会议就是典范。

**Alan Missen:** Of that, you know, that personal commitment. You know,
to continuous learning, you know, evolving with AI, I think, is a really
important aspect of how we think about it, and I think that goes in.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，那种个人承诺。你知道，持续学习，与AI共同发展，我认为，是我们思考这个问题的一个非常重要的方面，我认为这属于。

**Alan Missen:** That's a natural extension of a growth mindset, and you
heard Dave mention growth mindset again this morning.

**Alan Missen:**
这是成长型思维的自然延伸，你今天早上又听到了Dave提到成长型思维。

**Alan Missen:** Um, if I think about this from a bit more of a strategy
perspective, um….

**Alan Missen:** 如果我从更具战略性的角度来思考这个问题……

**Alan Missen:** At the top of the list around any strategy is
leadership commitment. And again, I….

**Alan Missen:** 在任何战略中，领导层的承诺都位居榜首。再次，我……

**Alan Missen:** If Dave and Mike's…. Commitment to AI is not clear. Um,
I'm not sure what meetings you've been attending, because it's about as
clear as it can be.

**Alan Missen:**
如果Dave和Mike对AI的承诺还不清楚。我不确定你参加了什么会议，因为它已经再清楚不过了。

**Alan Missen:** Around the fact that right from the top of the
organization, this is a top, top priority.

**Alan Missen:** 事实上，从组织的最高层开始，这就是一个最高优先事项。

**Alan Missen:** Um, the other thing that we are focused on, on the
corporate side right now, uh, is a little bit around, sort of, the
vision.

**Alan Missen:** 我们现在在公司层面关注的另一件事，是关于愿景。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, the corporate vision and building out a bit more of
a robust strategy to help people kind of wrap their heads around.

**Alan Missen:** 企业愿景，并制定一个更强大的战略，以帮助人们理解。

**Alan Missen:** What the vision is, as well as some guideposts. You
know, and as I look at our corporate vision, um.

**Alan Missen:**
愿景是什么，以及一些指导方针。你知道，当我审视我们的企业愿景时。

**Alan Missen:** I've got 2 or 3 kind of things that are bubbling up.
Our goal to transform… is to transform our workplace.

**Alan Missen:**
我有两三个想法正在涌现。我们转型的目标……是转型我们的工作场所。

**Alan Missen:** By augmenting human potential with AI. To increase our
pace, multiply capacity.

**Alan Missen:** 通过AI增强人类潜力。加快我们的步伐，倍增我们的能力。

**Alan Missen:** And improve effectiveness. So that's kind of at the
core of it.

**Alan Missen:** 并提高效率。这基本上是核心。

**Alan Missen:** Um, it also means, from a strategy perspective or a
corporate perspective, it's about, you know, investing, and I think
we're investing time today.

**Alan Missen:**
从战略角度或企业角度来看，这也意味着投资，我认为我们今天正在投资时间。

**Alan Missen:** I have… one of the things I appreciate about this
organization is when.

**Alan Missen:** 我……我欣赏这个组织的一点是，当。

**Alan Missen:** When investment makes sense, there is no shyness from a
leadership perspective to make an investment. So, investing in training
and tools.

**Alan Missen:**
当投资有意义时，领导层从不羞于进行投资。所以，投资于培训和工具。

**Alan Missen:** Um, I think is… is at the forefront of that, and again,
one of the things I think PCC is quite exceptional at compared to other
organizations I've been in is they're not afraid to make those
investments.

**Alan Missen:**
我认为这是……这是最前沿的，再次，我认为PCC与其他我待过的组织相比，非常出色的一点是，他们不害怕进行这些投资。

**Alan Missen:** I think it does mean more robustness around, sort of,
planning around AI, working more and more on a robust AI roadmap, and.

**Alan Missen:**
我认为这确实意味着在AI规划方面需要更强的稳健性，越来越多地致力于一个强大的AI路线图，并且。

**Alan Missen:** We've got some thinking on how we can help the
functions, um, actually accelerate some of the work that they're doing,
kind of having function-by-function dialogues.

**Alan Missen:**
我们有一些关于如何帮助各职能部门加速他们正在做的一些工作的想法，比如进行逐个职能的对话。

**Alan Missen:** Um, in the coming weeks. Um, enablement we talked about
with tools, with training.

**Alan Missen:** 在未来几周。我们谈到了通过工具和培训来实现赋能。

**Alan Missen:** Enablement with data, enablement around ethics. Um, I
think that's another key part of the strategy. And then the other thing
that could happen is this could lead to, you know, Dave mentioned
earlier the idea that JDs could be changing, right?

**Alan Missen:**
数据赋能，伦理赋能。我认为这是战略的另一个关键部分。然后可能发生的另一件事是，这可能导致，你知道，Dave之前提到职位描述（JD）可能会改变的想法，对吧？

**Alan Missen:** Could this maybe lead to some modest level of org
design? I don't know. You know, do you create….

**Alan Missen:**
这是否可能导致某种程度的组织设计调整？我不知道。你知道，你是否会创建……

**Alan Missen:** Things like centers of excellence. Do you have more
cross-functional constructs to actually help accelerate? So, those are
some of the things we're thinking about.

**Alan Missen:**
像卓越中心这样的东西。你是否有更多的跨职能结构来真正帮助加速？所以，这些是我们正在思考的一些事情。

**Alan Missen:** And trying to get a little bit more granularity around,
sort of, um.

**Alan Missen:** 并试图在……方面获得更多的细节。

**Alan Missen:** On the strategy side. Um, I'll probably wrap with one
more quote. I love my quotes.

**Alan Missen:**
在战略方面。我可能会用另一句引言来结束。我喜欢我的引言。

**Alan Missen:** So, artificial intelligence is not about replacing
humans, it's about amplifying human potential.

**Alan Missen:** 所以，人工智能不是要取代人类，而是要放大人类的潜力。

**Alan Missen:** I really think this ties back to what you've been
hearing, Dave and Mike.

**Alan Missen:** 我真的认为这与你一直听到的，Dave和Mike的观点相呼应。

**Alan Missen:** You know, Mike yesterday made comments about, this
journey is focused on improving our speed.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，Mike昨天评论说，这次旅程的重点是提高我们的速度。

**Alan Missen:** Quality and effectiveness. Of the team we have.

**Alan Missen:** 质量和效率。我们团队的。

**Alan Missen:** Um, and I think that's a really important aspect of the
journey here at PCC. You know, speed, you heard Dave mention speed two
or three times in our dialogue earlier this morning, so it's really
about amping up.

**Alan Missen:**
我认为这是PCC旅程中一个非常重要的方面。你知道，速度，你今天早上在我们的对话中听到Dave提到了两三次速度，所以这真的是关于提升。

**Alan Missen:** Our potential. Um…. More than anything else.

**Alan Missen:** 我们的潜力。比任何其他事情都重要。

**Alan Missen:** So, final kind of thought here. Today is, you know,
about ideas and the art of the possible, and again, my hope for everyone
today is you learn something, get exposed to ideas that you haven't been
thinking about yourself, that you think you can apply.

**Alan Missen:**
所以，最后的想法是。今天，你知道，是关于想法和可能性的艺术，再次，我今天对每个人的希望是，你学到一些东西，接触到一些你自己没有想过的想法，你认为你可以应用。

**Alan Missen:** But I also want everybody to leave, sort of, asking.
Some questions, and I'm gonna… Kim actually came up with these questions
at the SLT, so….

**Alan Missen:**
但我也希望每个人离开时，都能提出一些问题。我……Kim实际上在SLT（高级领导团队）会议上提出了这些问题，所以……

**Alan Missen:** I'm gonna… I'm not gonna take credit for it, but I
think they're really, really good things for all of us to leave this
session with today, um, thinking about. So how are you envisioning your
role?

**Alan Missen:**
我不会……我不会把功劳归于自己，但我认为这些对我们所有人来说，在今天离开这个会议时思考，都是非常、非常好的事情。所以你如何设想你的角色？

**Alan Missen:** The role of AI evolving your role and your function. So
think about it sort of in an individual level, as well as the function
that you do.

**Alan Missen:**
AI在你的角色和职能中的演变。所以从个人层面，以及你所从事的职能来思考它。

**Alan Missen:** You know, how can AI drive innovation in the team? How
can AI be integrated into existing processes that you have?

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，AI如何能推动团队的创新？AI如何能整合到你现有的流程中？

**Alan Missen:** Um, what specific challenges can I help. Us solve, and
I think we're trying to run these… get back into these sort of
functional conversations. We believe that part of that is sort of a pain
point analysis, so we think that those sessions will help with that.

**Alan Missen:**
我能帮助解决哪些具体挑战，我认为我们正在尝试进行这些……回到这些职能性对话中。我们相信其中一部分是痛点分析，所以我们认为那些会议会有所帮助。

**Alan Missen:** Um, what competitive advantages can AI provide us in
the marketplace? And I know Dave is putting, you know, 90….

**Alan Missen:**
AI能在市场上为我们提供哪些竞争优势？我知道Dave正在投入，你知道，90……

**Alan Missen:** 9% of his thinking around that right now, which is, I
feel really confident about that.

**Alan Missen:** 9%的精力在思考这个问题，对此我感到非常有信心。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, and then what partnerships can we leverage? Um, to
advance our AI capabilities. Earlier on, I spoke about, um, just how
many vendors are knocking on the door right now with an AI capability.

**Alan Missen:**
然后我们可以利用哪些合作伙伴关系来提升我们的AI能力。早些时候，我谈到了现在有多少供应商带着AI能力来敲我们的门。

**Alan Missen:** So we should tap into that, for sure, and understand
what partnerships can help us, or whether it's a solution integrator
who's got.

**Alan Missen:**
所以我们肯定应该利用这一点，并了解哪些合作伙伴关系可以帮助我们，或者是否有一个解决方案集成商拥有。

**Alan Missen:** You know, learning, and it's got some good stories
around what they've been able to deliver for customers around AI
capabilities. So just think about partners that we can tap into as well,
um, to help us with that.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，学习，并且有一些关于他们能够为客户提供AI能力的好故事。所以也想想我们可以利用的合作伙伴，来帮助我们。

**Alan Missen:** So with that said, thanks for letting me share some of
my thoughts today.

**Alan Missen:** 那么，就此，感谢你们今天让我分享我的一些想法。

**Alan Missen:** And, uh, let's keep going on the symposium.

**Alan Missen:** 让我们继续研讨会吧。

## 午间休息与技术中场

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Thank you, Alan. That was very insightful, and it
was amazing to witness how AI has evolved in just a year.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
谢谢你，Alan。这非常有见地，见证AI在短短一年内的演变真是太棒了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And AI for AYI is such a fitting name for our next
section of use cases that actually do focus on organizational impact.
Um, so everyone, we're going to take a break for lunch.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** “AI for
AYI”（AI加速你的影响力）这个名字非常适合我们下一个用例部分，它确实关注组织影响。那么，各位，我们现在要午休了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So, it's time for proton lunch, but it's just our
way of saying, you know, let's go eat something and come back energized,
because we have a packed agenda full of AI for AYI use cases for you
this afternoon.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
现在是“质子午餐”时间，这只是我们的一种说法，意思是，我们去吃点东西，然后精力充沛地回来，因为今天下午我们为你准备了满满的“AI
for AYI”用例议程。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So we'll be back at 1PM EST. Thank you, everyone,
and we'll make sure we have exciting use cases for you after lunch.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我们将在美国东部时间下午1点回来。谢谢大家，我们会确保午餐后为你们准备激动人心的用例。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Thanks. Thanks, Evan.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 谢谢。谢谢，Evan。

**Alan Missen:** Thanks, Kathy.

**Alan Missen:** 谢谢，Kathy。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, so while we're breaking for lunch, I
think we'll do a little bit of testing here. I'm gonna try to reclaim.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，在我们午休的时候，我想我们在这里做一点测试。我准备重新夺回。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Actually, Ketki, can you try reclaiming the
slide share? Alright, he stopped sharing. Okay, perfect.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
实际上，Ketki，你能试着重新获取幻灯片分享权限吗？好的，他停止分享了。好的，完美。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, I'm gonna try and reclaim that. That's
exactly what I was trying to do, but I'm not able to, so one second.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
是的，我准备试着重新获取。这正是我刚才想做的，但我做不到，所以等一下。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 嗯。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So, I can see it, so I'm not sure what happened
with your permission. So, um, Arusa, are you able to… let's just… while
we have Lipsa on the line, can we just test her audio? I think she is
here.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我能看到，所以我不确定你的权限出了什么问题。那么，Arusa，你能不能……我们……趁Lipsa在线，我们能测试一下她的音频吗？我想她在这里。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, that's… okay. And is she sharing? Is she
also sharing, uh, the deck? Then she'll need to test that as well.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，那……好的。她在分享吗？她也在分享幻灯片吗？那她也需要测试一下。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Audio and video. Can you turn on your audio? In
your video?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 音频和视频。你能打开你的音频吗？在你的视频里？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I'm not sure. I'm not sure, it wasn't in her use
case.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我不确定。我不确定，这不在她的用例里。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Let me just ping her, make sure she knows we're
talking to her.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我去提醒她一下，确保她知道我们在和她说话。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, I think I heard her, but I think she may
have robbed, because I don't see her….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我想我听到了她的声音，但我想她可能已经离开了，因为我没看到她……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Jared is also here for a check.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Jared也在这里检查。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Is Adriana here? Adriana, can you try share… so,
I'm just worried about sharing for my part of the….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
Adriana在吗？Adriana，你能试着分享吗……我只是担心我这部分的分享……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Presentation, because here's what's happening. My….
The saved copy on my laptop keeps crashing.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
演示，因为现在的情况是，我……我笔记本上保存的副本一直在崩溃。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And it doesn't let me share from…. The… the
browser, so….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 而且它不让我从……浏览器分享，所以……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Adriana is sharing for me. One second….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Adriana正在为我分享。等一下……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I wondered if Adriana's on the line.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我想知道Adriana是否在线。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** Roosa, can you try sharing anything, maybe
with the sound?

**Zoom培训室1:** Roosa，你能试着分享点什么吗，或许带上声音？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, hold on, let me see, uh, share…. It's not
even giving me the sound box now, before I at least saw the box.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，等等，我看看，分享……现在连声音框都不给我了，之前我至少还能看到那个框。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** But now I don't even see a box. That, like, has
the sound share.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
但现在我连一个框都看不到了。那个，比如，有声音分享的框。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** Um, my SoundShare thing is not working, like,
it's enabled… it was grayed out for me, too, as well, but now it's
working.

**Zoom培训室1:**
我的声音分享功能不工作了，就像，它被启用了……之前对我来说也是灰色的，但现在它工作了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, so I just tried it right now, and it
didn't. Let me try again.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的，我刚才试了一下，不行。我再试一次。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** Yeah. Can you leave and rejoin the call?

**Zoom培训室1:** 是的。你能离开再重新加入通话吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** No, nothing. I'll show you what I found. Yeah,
sure, I'll do that. But I actually….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
不，什么都没有。我给你看我发现了什么。是的，当然，我会那么做。但我实际上……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Marina Keki, are you guys good to take over? I
need to step out.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Marina Keki，你们能接手吗？我需要离开一下。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，是的，是的。是的，我没问题。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** Marina, can you drive through?

**Zoom培训室1:** Marina，你能继续吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** But it only joy to come back? Um, okay, hold
on.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 但回来只是为了高兴吗？嗯，好的，等等。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** How do I just….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我该怎么……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Now, who's going to share going forward? Is it
you, Adriana?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 现在，接下来谁来分享？是你吗，Adriana？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, yeah, Adriana mentioned that she'll be
sharing, just wondering if she's still here?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
是的，是的，Adriana提到她会分享，只是想知道她是否还在这里？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Perfect.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 完美。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** She is here, but I think she's on mute, so….

**Zoom培训室1:** 她在这里，但我想她静音了，所以……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay. Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的。是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I'm gonna add her as a co-host as well

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我也要把她加为联合主持人。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Hey, Jared, nice to see you. Yeah, we can hear
you okay? We can see you okay.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
嘿，Jared，很高兴见到你。是的，我们能清楚地听到你说话吗？我们能清楚地看到你。

**Jared Pilcher:** Hello? Can you hear me okay? All right, and does my
background, uh, is it, uh, looking okay?

**Jared Pilcher:** 喂？能听清楚我说话吗？好的，我的背景……看起来还行吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** It's perfect. All good. Um, are you sharing
anything during the pa- no, you're not sharing anything, you're just
here as a panelist?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
很完美。一切都好。你在……期间会分享什么吗？不，你什么都不分享，你只是作为小组成员在这里？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yep, yep, that's great.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，是的，那太好了。

**Jared Pilcher:** Okay. Thank you.

**Jared Pilcher:** 好的。谢谢你。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah. Jared, you… you were at one point
thinking of sharing something for the answer to one of the questions.
Are you still gonna do that?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的。Jared，你……你一度想过为了回答其中一个问题而分享一些东西。你还打算这么做吗？

**Jared Pilcher:** No, I think it'll be better just to describe it, um,
and that way….

**Jared Pilcher:** 不，我认为最好还是描述一下，那样的话……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 好的。

**Jared Pilcher:** Doesn't… yeah. We want to make sure that we put
forward the right message, right?

**Jared Pilcher:** 不……是的。我们想确保我们传达了正确的信息，对吧？

**Jared Pilcher:** Humans are absolutely gonna be…. Needed in the
future, so….

**Jared Pilcher:** 人类绝对会……未来是需要的，所以……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Kind of a big theme here. Okay. Uh, so here,
then, I think you're good then, right?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这里的一个大主题。好的。那么，我想你现在没问题了，对吧？

**Marina Stojanovic:** We need the human. Now, hang on one second. So,
LIPSA, you… I think you may have clicked the link for Pam Martin.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们需要人类。现在，等一下。所以，LIPSA，你……我想你可能点击了Pam
Martin的链接。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yep.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So I'm just going to rename you, okay?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 所以我这就给你改个名字，好吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, because Pam went already, so it should be
okay. Uh, Jared, I think you're wrong.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，因为Pam已经去过了，所以应该没问题。Jared，我想你错了。

**Pam Martin:** Thank you.

**Pam Martin:** 谢谢你。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And something happened with Pam's, yeah.

**Marina Stojanovic:** Pam的也出了一些问题，是的。

**Pam Martin:** I don't know why my name came out a little different
here on the link.

**Pam Martin:** 我不知道为什么我的名字在这个链接上显示得有点不一样。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 嗯。

**Marina Stojanovic:** You're good. No problem. Did you want to start
sharing quickly?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 你没事。没问题。你想快点开始分享吗？

**Lipsa Mishra:** Okay. Thank you so much, Marina.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 好的。非常感谢你，Marina。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Sorry. Yeah, hold on, hold on, but I need to… I
need to drop, so I just wanted to say a couple things before I drop. I
did rejoin, I now am able to share audio, so I do see that, Jasmine.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
抱歉。是的，等等，等等，但我需要……我需要离开，所以在离开前我想说几件事。我确实重新加入了，我现在可以分享音频了，所以我看到了，Jasmine。

**Marina Stojanovic:** If you have a… oh.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 如果你有一个……哦。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** Yeah, okay.

**Zoom培训室1:** 是的，好的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** As an option. Um, Mary, I don't know what
happened, so sorry about… I'm not sure what was happening on the back
end.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
作为一个选项。Mary，我不知道发生了什么，所以很抱歉……我不确定后台发生了什么。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** Yeah, it was just selected to multiple
panelists can share simultaneously, because if multiple people are
trying to share sound, of course, like, Zoom would try to optimize,
right? So that's why that.

**Zoom培训室1:**
是的，它只是被选择为多个小组成员可以同时分享，因为如果多个人试图分享声音，当然，Zoom会尝试优化，对吧？所以这就是为什么。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** But I think we….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 但我认为我们……

**Zoom Training Room 1:** Option was disabled Gordao, so…. I'm just
gonna stay on the call just to make sure, like, I keep checking the
setting for, like, every panelist that joins and tries to share screen.

**Zoom培训室1:**
选项被禁用了，Gordao，所以……我只是想留在通话中，确保我一直检查每个加入并尝试分享屏幕的小组成员的设置。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Abbott.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 雅培。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I just paused the recording, so….

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我刚刚暂停了录音，所以……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, perfect. Um, Marina, I'm gonna… Jared, I
think, can drop, because we saw him already, we heard him, so I think he
can drop from the call if he wants to.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，完美。Marina，我……Jared，我想，可以离开了，因为我们已经看到他了，也听到他了，所以如果他想的话，他可以离开通话。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, Marina, I'm gonna throw it over to the two
of you. I will be back around 2ish.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
Marina，我把话筒交给你们两位。我大概两点左右回来。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Okay.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Post, uh, graduation. So we do need to figure
out the screen share part and the other stuff that was in the….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
毕业后。所以我们确实需要解决屏幕分享部分和……中的其他问题。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** The chat. Okay, I'll add….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 聊天。好的，我补充一下……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 太棒了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, I'm looking at the chat right now. I think
we're okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，我正在看聊天。我想我们没问题。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I'm gonna add the screen share part, figuring
out what that looks like, and then I'm gonna drop.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我要添加屏幕分享部分，弄清楚它是什么样子，然后我就要离开了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, then over to you guys. Uh, here….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 那么，交给你们了。这里……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Adriana, are you on? Do you want to try sharing
your screen?

**Marina Stojanovic:** Adriana，你在吗？你想试着分享你的屏幕吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** We're looking to share the deck.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们准备分享幻灯片。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Cool, okay, I will hop, I'll see you guys in a
little while.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 酷，好的，我走了，一会儿见。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** You know what? Yeah, okay, bye-bye. You know what?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 你知道吗？是的，好的，再见。你知道吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome. Have fun, good luck.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 太棒了。玩得开心，祝你好运。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Marina, let me try. I can actually bring up…. Okay,
when Adriana comes back, she can do the share, but just for the lunch
slide, uh, let me….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
Marina，让我试试。我实际上可以……好的，当Adriana回来时，她可以分享，但只是为了午餐幻灯片，让我……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Well, Lipsa has to test hers first. And then that
way she can drop, and then she's ready to go when it's time for her.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
嗯，Lipsa得先测试她的。那样她就可以离开，然后轮到她的时候她就准备好了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh, okay, perfect. Okay, so we have some time,
okay, wait.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
哦，好的，完美。好的，所以我们还有些时间，好的，等等。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Great.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 太好了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And let's say you don't have to drop after we're
done testing, you can just turn off your camera.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
比如说，我们测试完后你不用离开，你只要关掉摄像头就行了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And when it is your turn, you'll hear us queuing
you up.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 轮到你的时候，你会听到我们提示你。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Okay. Uh, so, uh, can you repeat again? I'm sorry, I
did not get it. So, what I need to do here?

**Lipsa Mishra:**
好的。呃，所以，呃，你能再说一遍吗？对不起，我没听懂。所以，我在这里需要做什么？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Just be ready to go at your time slot.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 只要在你的时间段准备好就行了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So right now, if you can take your slide deck
that you're presenting during your use case, and try sharing it, and if
there's sound, make sure that you share your sound.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
所以现在，如果你能拿出你在用例中要展示的幻灯片，试着分享它，如果有声音，确保你也分享了声音。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Okay, Zoom is asking me to click on reopen, so I'll
rejoin immediately, give me a second.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
好的，Zoom让我点击重新打开，所以我马上重新加入，给我一秒钟。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Okay, yep, that's fine.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的，是的，没问题。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay, so here's what I'm gonna do. I know, it was
just fine!

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的，我准备这么做。我知道，刚才还挺好的！

**Marina Stojanovic:** I love that we tested this, and now during the…
like, the morning it was smooth, and now during the day….

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我喜欢我们测试了这个，现在在……就像，早上很顺利，现在白天……

**Marina Stojanovic:** That's alright. It's Zoom gremlins. We have Zoom
gremlins. I paused the recording just so that we don't recall, uh,
record.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
没关系。是Zoom的小精灵。我们有Zoom的小精灵。我暂停了录音，这样我们就不会回忆起……录制。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay. Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的。是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Our testing adventure, so… But, uh, when… when
the system testing, let's put up the lunch slide, we'll see you back at
1.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们的测试冒险，所以……但是，当……当系统测试时，让我们放上午餐幻灯片，我们1点再见。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yep.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So that, um…. Again, you're Pam Martin. Okay, let
me rename you again.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 这样，嗯……再次，你是Pam
Martin。好的，我再给你改个名字。

**Lipsa Mishra:** So, okay, so every time I'm joining, it is changing to
PAM, so that would be an issue.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
所以，好的，所以每次我加入，它都会变成PAM，那会是个问题。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, but can you rename yourself? Do you know if
you can….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，但你能给自己改名吗？你知道你能不能……

**Marina Stojanovic:** I just did it. I get it. Yeah.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我刚做了。我明白了。是的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh, okay, perfect, yeah. Now I can see your name.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 哦，好的，完美，是的。现在我能看到你的名字了。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Okay.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** All right, and so when you go to… when you select
share at the bottom.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的，所以当你去……当你选择底部的分享时。

**Marina Stojanovic:** There's an option to say… oh, I see why.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 有一个选项可以说……哦，我明白为什么了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Okay, I just changed the setting, hopefully
that'll work. Now, if you go… so, one thing is, if you do present… so
click on the share.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
好的，我刚改了设置，希望这能行。现在，如果你去……所以，一件事是，如果你确实要演示……所以点击分享。

**Marina Stojanovic:** On the bottom, and make sure when the pop-up
comes up, you share sound.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 在底部，并确保当弹出窗口出现时，你分享了声音。

**Marina Stojanovic:** No, no, not there. So, at the bottom of the Zoom
screen, of the Zoom window.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
不，不，不是那里。在Zoom屏幕的底部，Zoom窗口的底部。

**Marina Stojanovic:** There's a green button that says share. Do you
see that option?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 有一个绿色的按钮写着“分享”。你看到那个选项了吗？

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, I'm all… I thought I'm already sharing my screen.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 我……我以为我已经分享了我的屏幕。

**Marina Stojanovic:** You are, but… so you're… right now, you're
sharing. Your entire screen, so you have to click on the present.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
你是的，但是……所以你……现在，你在分享。你的整个屏幕，所以你必须点击演示。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, you are.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，你是。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Okay.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Okay, is there… so is there any sound in your
presentation?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的，你的演示文稿里有声音吗？

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, I do have, um….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 我有……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Okay, so go to the slide with sound. Okay, and
then let's see if we can hear it.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
好的，那么去到有声音的幻灯片。好的，然后我们看看能不能听到。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Salesforce kind of implementation perspective. I have
chat. Mm-hmm.

**Lipsa Mishra:** Salesforce那种实施视角。我有聊天。嗯哼。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I can. Awesome.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我可以。太棒了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Yay! Awesome.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 耶！太棒了。

**Lipsa Mishra:** So, uh, I'm going to try it again. Sorry, just wanted
to….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 所以，我准备再试一次。抱歉，只是想……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** No worries, take your time.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 别担心，慢慢来。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Again, I'm doing pictures. Okay, so I'm going to
click…. Yeah, so I'm going to click on, uh, share….

**Lipsa Mishra:**
再次，我在做图片。好的，所以我要点击……是的，所以我要点击分享……

**Marina Stojanovic:** No, no, no. You're good, you're good.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 不，不，不。你很好，你很好。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And I come to this slide…. So, I'm going to share this
slide first. I go to my impact, I click on my demo recording. I've
already opened it, so I can go directly here, and I can just start
sharing.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
然后我来到这张幻灯片……所以，我先分享这张幻灯片。我转到我的影响部分，点击我的演示录像。我已经打开了，所以我可以直接到这里，然后开始分享。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Yes.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 是的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you just have to maximize.
Yep.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，是的。是的。是的，你只需要最大化。是的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And speak up.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 大声说出来。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And go full screen. So Lipsa, make sure that it's
full screen.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 然后全屏。所以Lipsa，确保它是全屏的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Perfect. Yeah, that's perfect. Looks good.
Amazing. All right.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 完美。是的，那很完美。看起来不错。太棒了。好的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Okay. Yep. Okay, I'm ready.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 好的。是的。好的，我准备好了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Great. Awesome. Okay, so can I share my screen now?
Okay, let me see if I can….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
太好了。太棒了。好的，我现在可以分享我的屏幕了吗？好的，我看看我能不能……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Yes.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 是的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I see the problem. Okay, I can… yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我看到问题了。好的，我可以……是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I changed one of the settings at the bottom where
there's a share.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我改了底部一个有分享功能的设置。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So, it says multiple presenters can share. I
think we have to switch that.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
所以，它说多个演示者可以分享。我想我们得切换一下。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的……

**Marina Stojanovic:** So I just switched it. Yeah, I switched it to
multiple.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 所以我刚切换了。是的，我把它切换到多个。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** It should stick to one penalty. No, no, it
should stay at the one panelist. That's what's causing the sound issues.

**Zoom培训室1:**
应该只允许一个发言人。不，不，应该保持在一个发言人。这就是导致声音问题的原因。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Okay, that wasn't on before, it was on one
panelist before.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的，之前不是这样的，之前是一个小组成员。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I literally just changed it 2 minutes ago.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我两分钟前才改的。

**Zoom Training Room 1:** Yeah, I switched it to one panelist, and then
I went back to multiple.

**Zoom培训室1:** 是的，我把它切换到一个小组成员，然后我又切换回多个。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Okay. Awesome. So everyone's going to be joining
us back at 1PM. Looks like you can take off your, um, your video and
your sound.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
好的。太棒了。所以大家将在下午1点回来加入我们。看来你可以关掉你的视频和声音了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh, okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 哦，好的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And then just rejoin at 1, and then we're good to
go.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 然后1点再重新加入，我们就准备好了。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Thank you so much!

**Lipsa Mishra:** 非常感谢！

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Awesome! See you soon! Yes. Yes.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 太棒了！一会儿见！是的。是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome! Have fun, Kecki, we'll see you at a few
minutes before 1.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 太棒了！玩得开心，Kecki，我们1点前几分钟见。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Yeah, bye-bye.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 是的，再见。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Bye.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 再见。

## 下午场：深入探讨组织影响与AI应用

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Welcome back, everyone! I hope you had a really
delicious lunch, and I hope it wasn't AI-generated.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
欢迎回来，各位！希望你们享用了一顿非常美味的午餐，也希望它不是AI生成的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, but I'm wondering if any of the recipes were,
though. If yes, please tell us in the chat.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
但我在想，有没有食谱是AI生成的呢？如果有，请在聊天中告诉我们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, also, if you are joining us just now, please
use the QR code at the bottom left corner of the screen.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
另外，如果你是刚刚加入我们，请使用屏幕左下角的二维码。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And tell us a little bit more about your AI
journey. It's a very simple survey with very few questions, but it'll
really help us.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
并告诉我们更多关于你的AI旅程。这是一个非常简单的调查，只有几个问题，但它真的能帮助我们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, get some of the data from you. So please take a
moment to….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 从你那里获取一些数据。所以请花点时间……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Scan the QR code and answer a few questions. We'll
just give everyone a few minutes to be back.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
扫描二维码并回答几个问题。我们给大家几分钟时间回来。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay, and, uh…. We're diving into more use cases
now.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的，现在……我们开始深入探讨更多的用例。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Starting with Caleb and Christy from the Security
and Trust team.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 从安全与信任团队的Caleb和Christy开始。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** They will be talking to us about ReliaQuest gray
matter agentic AI.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 他们将向我们介绍ReliaQuest灰质智能体AI（ReliaQuest
GreyMatter：一个集成了安全运营和AI技术的平台）。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Extra points for anyone that can say this 5 times
fast.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 谁能快速说五遍这个名字，可以加分。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So, over to you, Caleb and Christy.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 那么，交给你们了，Caleb和Christy。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Are you able to share your screen? I'm gonna stop
sharing now.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 你能分享你的屏幕吗？我现在要停止分享了。

### 用例6：Caleb Waldemar & Kristy Liu - ReliaQuest灰质智能体AI

**Caleb Waldemar:** Yep, Chrissy should be getting it shared in a second
here.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 是的，Chrissy马上就会分享出来。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Amazing.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 太棒了。

**kristy liu:** All right, um, yep. Uh, so my name is Christy, I'm here
with Caleb. We're both from the security operations team.

**kristy liu:**
好的，是的。我叫Christy，我和Caleb一起。我们都来自安全运营团队。

**Caleb Waldemar:** There you are, Christy.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 你来了，Christy。

**kristy liu:** We focus on phishing emails and different types of
investigation that involves users and endpoints.

**kristy liu:** 我们专注于网络钓鱼邮件以及涉及用户和终端的各种调查。

**kristy liu:** Things like suspicious login account issues, or anything
unusual happening on devices.

**kristy liu:** 比如可疑的登录账户问题，或者设备上发生的任何异常情况。

**kristy liu:** Today, we're going to talk about how we've been using
Agentech AI to speed up and simplify the threat detections.

**kristy liu:**
今天，我们将讨论我们如何使用智能体AI来加速和简化威胁检测。

**kristy liu:** So, looking at this slide, you can see just how many
different tools we use on a daily basis.

**kristy liu:**
所以，看这张幻灯片，你可以看到我们每天使用多少种不同的工具。

**kristy liu:** Uh, we use platforms like Defender, Crowd, Sentinel,
Wiz, and Mindcast.

**kristy liu:**
我们使用像Defender、CrowdStrike、Sentinel、Wiz和Mimecast这样的平台。

**kristy liu:** They're all important to our work, but each one has its
own interface, and each tool shows data in a different way.

**kristy liu:**
它们对我们的工作都很重要，但每个都有自己的界面，每个工具以不同的方式显示数据。

**kristy liu:** And this means investigation can take longer because we
need to pivot back and forth.

**kristy liu:** 这意味着调查可能需要更长的时间，因为我们需要来回切换。

**kristy liu:** Sometimes we need to run multiple queries in different
platforms and try to piece everything together manually.

**kristy liu:**
有时我们需要在不同的平台上运行多个查询，并尝试手动将所有信息拼凑在一起。

**kristy liu:** We realized the challenge, and we can do something to
improve it. Therefore, we purchased ReliaQuest.

**kristy liu:**
我们意识到了这个挑战，并且我们可以做些什么来改进它。因此，我们购买了ReliaQuest。

**kristy liu:** And we feed all the log sources into ReliaQuest. Now
relyQuest becomes the central platform. It posts the data from all these
tools, and it uses AI to normalize the data.

**kristy liu:**
我们将所有的日志源输入到ReliaQuest中。现在ReliaQuest成为了中心平台。它发布来自所有这些工具的数据，并使用AI来规范化数据。

**kristy liu:** And we can just work from one place. Because of that,
investigation time has dropped from 45 minutes.

**kristy liu:** 我们就可以在一个地方工作。因此，调查时间从45分钟减少了。

**kristy liu:** Down to about 20 minutes in many cases. We now have
reusable playbooks and clear process in place that makes it easier for
anyone on the team, regardless their new or experienced.

**kristy liu:**
在许多情况下，降至约20分钟。我们现在有了可重复使用的剧本和清晰的流程，这使得团队中的任何人，无论他们是新手还是经验丰富，都能更容易地工作。

**kristy liu:** This slide shows how ReliaQuest uses Agenta AI to
investigate alerts.

**kristy liu:** 这张幻灯片展示了ReliaQuest如何使用智能体AI来调查警报。

**kristy liu:** When an alert comes in, the process starts with the
planner component.

**kristy liu:** 当警报传来时，流程从规划器组件开始。

**kristy liu:** It's like the brain of the system. Uh, it looks at the
context around the alert.

**kristy liu:** 它就像系统的大脑。它会查看警报的上下文。

**kristy liu:** It knows the environment, and if there are any similar
past alerts, and so on.

**kristy liu:** 它了解环境，以及是否有任何类似的过去警报等等。

**kristy liu:** Then it will decide how to investigate it. After the
planner stage, it hands off to the part of the system that actually
takes actions.

**kristy liu:**
然后它会决定如何调查。在规划阶段之后，它会把任务交给系统中实际采取行动的部分。

**kristy liu:** This part runs the searches. Uses the tools and does the
heavy lifting to carry out the investigation. Now, depending on what
happens during the process.

**kristy liu:**
这部分负责运行搜索，使用工具并承担繁重的工作来执行调查。现在，根据过程中发生的情况。

**kristy liu:** We get one of the three possible outcomes. If the result
is unclear, or something doesn't look right, the system goes back to the
planner and to rethink the approach.

**kristy liu:**
我们会得到三种可能的结果之一。如果结果不清楚，或者有什么看起来不对劲，系统会回到规划器重新思考方法。

**kristy liu:** If everything looks good, it builds a reusable playbook.
If it's not a real threat, it marks it as a false positive.

**kristy liu:**
如果一切看起来都很好，它会构建一个可重复使用的剧本。如果不是真正的威胁，它会将其标记为误报。

**kristy liu:** This is how a gentle AI process works at a high level,
from planning to action to outcome.

**kristy liu:**
这就是智能AI流程在高层次上的工作方式，从规划到行动再到结果。

**kristy liu:** Um, I'll hand it over to Caleb. He will be showing a few
examples in the demo.

**kristy liu:** 我把话筒交给Caleb。他将在演示中展示几个例子。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Thanks, Christy. Um, yeah, Caleb from the Security
and Trust team here.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 谢谢，Christy。是的，我是安全与信任团队的Caleb。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, I'll go over two different examples of alerts
that. Um, we've used Agentic AI with to.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
我将介绍两个不同的警报示例，我们使用了智能体AI来处理。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Greatly reduce the mean time to, um, investigate and
resolve. The first example here is….

**Caleb Waldemar:** 大大减少了调查和解决的平均时间。第一个例子是……

**Caleb Waldemar:** I know it's very technical, but the modification of
a sensitive file.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 我知道这很技术性，但这是关于修改一个敏感文件。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Right? Um, without agentic AI. This would take us a
long time to investigate, could be an hour, could be 3 hours.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
对吧？如果没有智能体AI，这会花费我们很长时间来调查，可能是一个小时，也可能是三个小时。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Uh, because we have to pit, as Christy was showing
you earlier, pivot into multiple different tools.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
因为我们必须，正如Christy之前向你展示的，切换到多个不同的工具。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Look at different logs, try to correlate, okay,
which user performed this activity.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
查看不同的日志，尝试关联，好的，哪个用户执行了这个活动。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Uh, what device did it happen on? Um, however, with
Agentic AI, the alert triggers, and then the, uh, Agentic AI can look at
it and take proactive action. So.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
它是在哪个设备上发生的？然而，有了智能体AI，警报会触发，然后智能体AI可以查看并采取主动行动。所以。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, the big difference between AI and Agentic AI is
that Agentic AI.

**Caleb Waldemar:** AI和智能体AI之间的巨大区别在于，智能体AI。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, it's able to take more proactive measures
without as much human intervention.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 它能够在没有太多人为干预的情况下采取更主动的措施。

**Caleb Waldemar:** And guidance. So…. Digantic AI with ReliaQuest will
proactively, as you can see on the right-hand side.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
和指导。所以……ReliaQuest的智能体AI会主动地，正如你在右侧看到的。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Generate an investigation plan. It'll pivot into all
of the tools that we've integrated with it, uh, proactively.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
生成一个调查计划。它会主动地切换到我们与之集成的所有工具。

**Caleb Waldemar:** And then look for related logs and activity. Um,
it'll analyze, uh, the different command lines that an attacker might,
um.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
然后查找相关的日志和活动。它会分析攻击者可能使用的不同命令行。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Perform to be able to give us. Um, plain text.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 执行，以便给我们提供纯文本。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Definitions or descriptions of what's actually
occurring. Um, it'll look to automatically go out to the internet and
enrich.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 关于实际发生情况的定义或描述。它会自动上网并丰富。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Suspicious, like, websites, URLs. Uh, or files to
tell us if it thinks that it's suspicious or not.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
可疑的网站、URL或文件，告诉我们它是否认为这些是可疑的。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, and then it'll also give us. A final decision on
whether it thinks that this activity is, um.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 然后它还会给我们一个最终决定，判断这个活动是否是……

**Caleb Waldemar:** Malicious or not. If you can go to the next slide,
Christy.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 恶意的。如果你能转到下一张幻灯片，Christy。

**Caleb Waldemar:** And this is just a second example of, um, a similar
alert, but this was a true positive.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 这只是第二个例子，一个类似的警报，但这是一个真阳性。

**Caleb Waldemar:** And so, I think the big, um, benefit that I've seen
Agentic AI.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 所以，我认为我看到的智能体AI带来的巨大好处是。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Provide is it helps us to keep. All of the users at
PCC.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 它帮助我们保持PCC所有用户的安全。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, operating more smoothly. Uh, so if a user or
device.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 更顺畅地运行。所以如果一个用户或设备。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Is impacted in an attack, or…. You know, they click
on a phishing email.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
在攻击中受到影响，或者……你知道，他们点击了一个钓鱼邮件。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Agentic AI helps us to get the user back up and
running a lot faster.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 智能体AI帮助我们更快地让用户恢复正常运行。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Whereas previously, we would have to manually
disable the account. Perform an investigation could be 1 hours, could be
3 hours. Um, perform remediation.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
而以前，我们必须手动禁用账户。进行调查可能需要1小时，也可能需要3小时。然后进行修复。

**Caleb Waldemar:** And eventually bring everything back online, but
with Agentic AI. Before the alert even comes to us security analysts to
investigate.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
最终让一切恢复在线，但有了智能体AI。在警报甚至到达我们安全分析师进行调查之前。

**Caleb Waldemar:** The AI has already gone in and investigated, okay.
This is a compromised user.

**Caleb Waldemar:** AI已经介入并调查了，好的。这是一个被入侵的用户。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Uh, they did click on a phishing email. Or, as you
can see here, they did execute this.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
他们确实点击了一个钓鱼邮件。或者，正如你在这里看到的，他们确实执行了这个。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Suspicious file, and run it. Um, and then it can
proactively, for us.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 可疑文件，并运行它。然后它可以主动地为我们。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Isolate or, you know. Suspend the user's device. Uh,
it can reset passwords proactively.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 隔离或暂停用户的设备。它可以主动重置密码。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, and so, when the alert actually reaches us. If
the user has already had their account reset, and the malicious emails,
um, quarantined.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
所以，当警报真正到达我们这里时。如果用户的账户已经被重置，并且恶意邮件已经被隔离。

**Caleb Waldemar:** So… next slide. Um, so as Christy was mentioning
previously, uh, the biggest….

**Caleb Waldemar:** 所以……下一张幻灯片。正如Christy之前提到的，最大的……

**Caleb Waldemar:** Impact for us is reducing the investigation time to
under 20 minutes.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 对我们的影响是将调查时间减少到20分钟以内。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Uh, for most of the alerts that we receive. Uh, and
then also the alerts that we receive.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 对于我们收到的大多数警报。然后我们收到的警报。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Are a lot more valuable than they were previously.
So, with, uh, previous vendors.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 比以前更有价值。所以，与以前的供应商相比。

**Caleb Waldemar:** A previous MSSP that we used, they would basically
say, okay, oh.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
我们之前使用的一个MSSP（托管安全服务提供商），他们基本上会说，好的，哦。

**Caleb Waldemar:** This user did this activity, deal with it. Um, but
with Agentic AI, it's able to say, hey, this user performed this
activity.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
这个用户做了这个活动，处理一下。但是有了智能体AI，它能说，嘿，这个用户执行了这个活动。

**Caleb Waldemar:** They also were seeing, um, performing this other
related activity that looks suspicious, and so….

**Caleb Waldemar:** 他们也被看到在执行另一个看起来可疑的相关活动，所以……

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, the AI is able to make a decision for us and
say, hey, looking at everything.

**Caleb Waldemar:** AI能够为我们做出决定，并说，嘿，综合来看。

**Caleb Waldemar:** I believe this user's activity. Indicates or
compromised, or… or not.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 我相信这个用户的活动表明了入侵，或者没有。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, and…. I think the biggest lessons learned.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 而且……我认为最大的教训是。

**Caleb Waldemar:** For us, is that AI isn't…. It's not a fix-all,
right? And….

**Caleb Waldemar:** 对我们来说，AI不是……它不是万能的，对吧？而且……

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, you can't just let it run and do its thing for
forever, and not provide it active feedback, so….

**Caleb Waldemar:** 你不能让它永远运行下去，而不给它积极的反馈，所以……

**Caleb Waldemar:** With ReliQuest's Agentic AI, we provide it proactive
feedback for every.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 对于ReliaQuest的智能体AI，我们为每一个……

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, escalation that it sends us. We'll provide
feedback on. Was the AI's analysis accurate? Did it provide us the right
data?

**Caleb Waldemar:**
它发送给我们的升级事件。我们会提供反馈。AI的分析准确吗？它提供了正确的数据吗？

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, was there data points that it was missing that
we wish we would have seen?

**Caleb Waldemar:** 是否有它遗漏的、我们希望看到的数据点？

**Caleb Waldemar:** And as we provide that data to the AI, it's able to
proactively learn.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 当我们向AI提供这些数据时，它能够主动学习。

**Caleb Waldemar:** And adapt itself to the use cases that we really
want it to.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 并适应我们真正希望它应用的用例。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Operate in, right? Uh, and so I think that's one of
the big benefits, is being able to proactively train or teach the AI to.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
在其中运作，对吧？所以我认为这是一个巨大的好处，能够主动地训练或教导AI去。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, benefit you as much as possible. And, um, I
think….

**Caleb Waldemar:** 尽可能地让你受益。而且，我认为……

**Caleb Waldemar:** When it comes to the helping others at PCC. Um, I
recommend….

**Caleb Waldemar:** 当谈到在PCC帮助他人时。我建议……

**Caleb Waldemar:** That you just step back from the daily tasks that
you're doing.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 你从你正在做的日常任务中退后一步。

**Caleb Waldemar:** And look to see what kind of manual or menial tasks
that you do on a very repetitive, frequent basis.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 看看你非常重复、频繁地做的那些手动或琐碎的任务。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, that may be automated, or…. Be able to be
automated, or you could potentially use AI to perform for you.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
那些可能可以自动化，或者……能够被自动化，或者你可能可以使用AI来为你执行。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, and then…. With us and the responsible use of
AI, with ReliantQuest's Agentic AI.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
然后……对于我们和负责任地使用AI，以及ReliaQuest的智能体AI。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Every single action that the AI takes, um, we have
strict guidelines around.

**Caleb Waldemar:** AI采取的每一个行动，我们都有严格的指导方针。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Right? So we only have specific pre-approved
playbooks. Uh, and actions that the AI is able to take.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
对吧？所以我们只有特定的、预先批准的剧本和AI能够采取的行动。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, and then also, all actions are logged and
recorded. And then we're able to investigate, okay, why did this AI make
this decision on this particular.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
然后，所有的行动都会被记录下来。然后我们能够调查，好的，为什么这个AI在这个特定的问题上做出了这个决定。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, alert, and then if there are any issues, we're
able to proactively work with ReliaQuest to….

**Caleb Waldemar:**
警报，然后如果有任何问题，我们能够主动与ReliaQuest合作来……

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um, um, make improvements to the AI, so…. Yeah. Open
to any questions y'all have.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 改进AI，所以……是的。欢迎大家提问。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome, Caleb and Christy, I know a lot of
people were excited to see what you're sharing from your team, and
excited to see how AI is helping to replace some of those manual tasks.
We do have one question in the Q&A for you.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了，Caleb和Christy，我知道很多人都很兴奋地看到你们团队分享的内容，也很兴奋地看到AI如何帮助取代一些手动任务。我们在问答区有一个问题给你们。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Perfect.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 完美。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, again, super cool. Besides the time saved,
how accurate is this tool?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
再次，超级酷。除了节省时间，这个工具的准确性如何？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Do you find more true positives with it, and how
have false positives caused any issues?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
你是否用它发现了更多的真阳性？误报是否造成了任何问题？

**Caleb Waldemar:** That's a very good question. Um, I'd say that it is…
I would say it's very accurate.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 这是个很好的问题。我想说它……我想说它非常准确。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Um…. I would say the false positives are fairly
minimal, because the Agentic AI.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 我想说误报相当少，因为智能体AI。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Uh, as it analyzes alerts, we'll proactively close
them out as false positive if it determines that they are benign.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
在分析警报时，如果它确定警报是良性的，就会主动将其作为误报关闭。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Right? And so, we will do audits of those closed
alerts and validate, like, yes.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
对吧？所以，我们会对那些关闭的警报进行审计并验证，比如，是的。

**Caleb Waldemar:** That are closed correctly, and I personally haven't
seen. A alert that the Agentic AI closed that I think, like, shouldn't
have been closed.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
那些被正确关闭的警报，我个人还没见过一个智能体AI关闭的警报，我认为是不应该被关闭的。

**Caleb Waldemar:** It could have been a notable event, but it wasn't
anything that was malicious.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 它可能是一个值得注意的事件，但没有任何恶意。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome. Anything to add to that, Christy?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 太棒了。Christy，有什么要补充的吗？

**kristy liu:** Uh, no, I totally agree with what Kayla just mentioned.

**kristy liu:** 不，我完全同意Kayla刚才提到的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome. Appreciate that. Thank you so much for
both of you for presenting. I… I think a lot of you are seeing kind of
how everyday tasks and issues are living in the AI world and being
solved by the AI world, so thank you again, big round of applause for
both of you.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。感谢。非常感谢你们两位的演讲。我……我想你们很多人都看到了日常任务和问题是如何在AI世界中存在并被AI世界解决的，所以再次感谢你们，为你们两位献上热烈的掌声。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And all of our presenters to date. All right,
thank you again.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 以及迄今为止我们所有的演讲者。好的，再次感谢。

**Caleb Waldemar:** And then I was just going to mention, Maria, just
sorry really quick, if you have any questions about Agentic AI or.

**Caleb Waldemar:**
然后我正想提一下，Maria，抱歉，很快说一下，如果你有任何关于智能体AI或……

**Marina Stojanovic:** No, no, no.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 不，不，不。

**Caleb Waldemar:** The work that we do at the Security and Trust team,
don't hesitate to.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 我们在安全与信任团队所做的工作，请不要犹豫。

**Caleb Waldemar:** To reach out to us. We're, um, more than happy to
talk to you about what we do.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 联系我们。我们非常乐意与你谈论我们所做的工作。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Love that. And so, that's something that we were
hoping that you, as participants, actually do, uh, is reach out to any
of the folks that you're seeing today, and if you have any questions for
them, if you're curious about how they made this model come to life, if
you're curious how they're using it, and how this can be used for your
own application.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。所以，这是我们希望你们作为参与者实际去做的事情，就是联系你们今天看到的任何人，如果你们对他们有任何问题，如果你们好奇他们是如何让这个模型活起来的，如果你们好奇他们是如何使用它的，以及这如何能用于你们自己的应用。

**Marina Stojanovic:** We encourage you to reach out to them directly,
and have a conversation. Not only are you building an AI network support
group, if we should say, but also it'll give you an idea of how you can
use some of the things that you're seeing today.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们鼓励你直接联系他们，进行对话。你不仅在建立一个AI网络支持小组，可以说，而且这也会让你了解如何使用你今天看到的一些东西。

**Marina Stojanovic:** To solve some very simple or complex or, you
know, problems you didn't know existed. So we do encourage you to reach
out to the people that you're seeing today, um, not just to share
compliments, which are well-deserved, but also to ask.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
来解决一些非常简单或复杂，或者你甚至不知道存在的问题。所以我们确实鼓励你联系你今天看到的人，不仅仅是分享赞美，这些赞美是当之无愧的，也是为了提问。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Any questions, and stay curious and stay
connected about AI. Again, great job. Thank you, Caleb and Christy.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
任何问题，并对AI保持好奇和联系。再次，干得好。谢谢你，Caleb和Christy。

**kristy liu:** Thank you

**kristy liu:** 谢谢你。

**Caleb Waldemar:** Thank you.

**Caleb Waldemar:** 谢谢你。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome. And we do have some questions for you,
right, Keki?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 太棒了。我们确实有一些问题要问你，对吧，Keki？

### 主持人互动：AI创造新节日

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, absolutely! Uh, so while we wait, uh, and
allow our next presenter to get set up, we have a few activities and a
few questions for you. Um, so while we wait, we'd love for you to try
out a new prompt.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
是的，当然！在我们等待下一位演讲者准备的时候，我们有一些活动和问题要问大家。在我们等待的时候，我们希望你尝试一个新的提示。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Let's look at this prompt, which is on the screen.
Also, just wanted to remind you, if you're joining us just now.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
让我们看看屏幕上的这个提示。另外，只是想提醒你，如果你是刚刚加入我们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Please use the QR code that is on the…. Bottom left
corner of the screen, and please tell us a little bit more about your AI
journey.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
请使用屏幕左下角的二维码，并告诉我们更多关于你的AI旅程。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And, um, let's try out a new prompt. We'd like you
to take this prompt and put it in your Copilot, in a web browser, or
even if you have it in any application, that's fine.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
让我们尝试一个新的提示。我们希望你把这个提示输入到你的Copilot中，无论是在网页浏览器里，还是在任何应用程序里，都可以。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, ask Copilot to help you invent a new holiday
that celebrates the use of AI.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 请Copilot帮你发明一个庆祝AI使用的新节日。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** What should we do to… yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我们该怎么做……是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, and I… sorry, Khaki, I apologize. And for
those of you who are looking to do this quickly, and thank you, Tabitha.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我……抱歉，Khaki，我道歉。对于那些想快速完成这个的人，谢谢你，Tabitha。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, Windows plus C on your PC device opens up a
very quick Copilot chat.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
在你的PC设备上按Windows加C键，可以快速打开Copilot聊天。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And some of the newer laptops might also have a
co-pilot button on them.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 一些较新的笔记本电脑上可能还有一个Copilot按钮。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So if you have a Copilot button, please use it. Uh,
but let us know in the chat what holidays were… was AI able to generate
for you? Tell us in the chat.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
所以如果你有Copilot按钮，请使用它。但是请在聊天中告诉我们，AI为你生成了什么节日？在聊天中告诉我们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** What about you, Marina? What did you get with this
prompt?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 你呢，Marina？你用这个提示得到了什么？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Today, I create an interesting holiday for you?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 今天，我为你创造一个有趣的节日？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um. It did, so it's called, let's call it Synth
Day, a fusion of synthetic Intelligence and Celebration. It's held
annually on October 10th.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 嗯。它做到了，它叫做，我们称之为“合成日”（Synth
Day），是合成智能（Synthetic
Intelligence）和庆祝（Celebration）的融合。它每年10月10日举行。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Which is a nod to binary code, 1-0-1-0. Cynthia
honors the creativity, innovation, and ethics behind AI and its impact
on the world. So their Tinker festivals, um, ethics and empathy panels,
AI literacy hour.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
这是对二进制代码1-0-1-0的致敬。“合成日”旨在表彰AI背后的创造力、创新和伦理及其对世界的影响。所以有“创客节”、伦理与共情小组讨论、AI素养小时。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** The Ask Me Anything AI hour. I want to go to
this, I hope this is a real holiday one day.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
“AI问我任何事”小时。我想去参加这个，我希望有一天这能成为一个真正的节日。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's awesome! Um, so I got something very
similar, yeah, and I'm actually really interested, because AI gave me
the exact date. Um, so AI gave me a holiday called AI Appreciation Day.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
太棒了！我得到了非常相似的东西，是的，我真的很有兴趣，因为AI给了我确切的日期。AI给了我一个叫做“AI感谢日”的节日。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Anything that you did?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 你做了什么？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, held on October 10, once again, a nod to the
binary code, and the tagline, it actually gave me a pretty interesting
tagline, celebrating IA.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
10月10日举行，再次向二进制代码致敬，而且它的标语，它实际上给了我一个非常有趣的标语，庆祝IA（智能增强）。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Which is intelligence amplified, which I thought
was very interesting. Uh, and it also gave me some really great
suggestions on how to celebrate.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
也就是智能增强，我觉得这很有趣。它还给了我一些非常棒的庆祝建议。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Ooh….

**Marina Stojanovic:** 哦……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** For example, in the morning, we could do something.
Called AI for Good, which could be showcases in the afternoon. Talk to
your AI hour.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
例如，早上我们可以做一些事情。叫做“AI向善”，下午可以展示。与你的AI对话一小时。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Which is an hour where you can actually ask Copilot
questions and put Copilot in the hot seat, and honestly, I loved the
idea.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
这是一个你可以向Copilot提问，让它接受拷问的一小时，老实说，我喜欢这个主意。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And then finally in the evening, uh, human plus AI
Art Festival. How cool is that?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 最后在晚上，是人类加AI艺术节。那多酷啊？

**Marina Stojanovic:** That's awesome! We have some responses in the
chat, so we have, again, October 10th.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了！我们在聊天中收到了一些回应，所以我们再次看到了10月10日。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I think we just call it, it's official. Um, AI
Appreciation Day on October the 10th, World AI Appreciation Day, October
the 10th again for code.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我想我们就这么定了，这是官方的。10月10日的AI感谢日，世界AI感谢日，再次是10月10日，为了代码。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Exactly.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 完全正确。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, for the binary code. Somebody else got
Syntei, I think we're all using, uh.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
为了二进制代码。其他人也得到了“合成日”，我想我们都在使用……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, we're all using the same prompts? Um, and uh,
Jennifer is using AI as her therapist, so that's… that's a great use.
Somebody got… Sherry got October the 12th.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们都在用同样的提示吗？Jennifer正在用AI当她的治疗师，所以这……这是个很好的用途。有人……Sherry得到了10月12日。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, she child got 12, uh, AI Empowerment Day on
October the 10th, and again, another, uh, Sinte from our colleague Ifat.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
她得到了12日，10月10日的AI赋能日，还有，我们的同事Ifat也得到了另一个“合成日”。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, we love it. Oh, and somebody, uh, Choian, has
AI Empowerment Day on July 16th.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们很喜欢。哦，还有人，Choian，在7月16日有AI赋能日。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I just say we celebrated every day. I say we call
it.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我只想说我们每天都庆祝。我说我们称之为。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Tell us more about the…. Yeah, I'm so curious about
the AI Empowerment Day. Uh, what else did it tell you about AI
Empowerment?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
告诉我们更多关于……是的，我很好奇AI赋能日。它还告诉你关于AI赋能的其他什么信息？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Every day, we celebrate AF.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 每天，我们都庆祝AI。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And I think this is for Choyan. Ai empowerment
Day.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我想这是给Choyan的。AI赋能日。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Anything there? Yeah, twin!

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 有什么吗？是的，双胞胎！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Yes, um, AI Appreciation Day, October 27th. Oh,
wow. Uh, Joanne responded, honors the transformative role that
artificial intelligence in amplifying human potential. We've been
hearing a lot about human potential.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
是的，AI感谢日，10月27日。哦，哇。Joanne回应说，旨在表彰人工智能在放大人类潜力方面的变革性作用。我们已经听到了很多关于人类潜力的讨论。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** It's very interesting.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 这非常有趣。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Across healthcare, business, education, and
everyday life. It is a day to reflect on how AI helps us work smarter.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
跨越医疗、商业、教育和日常生活。这是一个反思AI如何帮助我们更聪明地工作的一天。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Solve complex problems and reimagines what's
possible. That's pretty cool. We love that one.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
解决复杂问题并重新想象可能性。那很酷。我们喜欢那个。

**Marina Stojanovic:** All right.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay, uh, wondering if Daisy is ready, uh, to go,
and then we can have Daisy.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
好的，我想知道Daisy是否准备好了，然后我们可以让Daisy。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Queued at 120. Daisy, are you ready by any chance?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 在120号排队。Daisy，你准备好了吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** I said easy earlier. I think she just needs to
turn on her video and audio.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我之前说过了。我想她只需要打开她的视频和音频。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** While we wait, we can actually do another activity,
so let's try this.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
在我们等待的时候，我们实际上可以做另一个活动，所以让我们试试这个。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Give me one second…. We're going to try something
new.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 给我一秒钟……我们准备尝试一些新东西。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Has everyone heard of Prompt Coach? So Prompt Coach
is a great way to tell Copilot to help you improve your prompts.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 大家都听说过Prompt Coach吗？Prompt
Coach是一个很好的方式，可以告诉Copilot帮你改进你的提示。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, so you can actually go to Prompt Coach and ask,
um, Prompt Coach to help you.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 所以你实际上可以去Prompt Coach，请求Prompt
Coach帮助你。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Regenerate a prompt or make it better. Uh, but
let's try something while we wait, and um….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
重新生成一个提示或者让它变得更好。但是让我们在等待的时候尝试一些东西，而且……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** While we give Daisy a few minutes to join.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 在我们给Daisy几分钟时间加入的时候。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Yep, she's just hopping on. I think she also had
some… some, uh, some tech gremlins.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
是的，她正在上线。我想她也遇到了一些……一些技术小精灵。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Work behind the scenes on her tech, so not to
worry.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 在她的技术背后工作，所以不用担心。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay, no problem, let's….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的，没问题，我们……

**Marina Stojanovic:** We have some more responses coming in the chat,
so another way to celebrate from Carla Knight.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们在聊天中收到了更多的回应，所以Carla
Knight提出了另一种庆祝方式。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, and AI appreciation wall, we create a digital
wall of wins.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 还有一个AI感谢墙，我们创建一个数字的胜利墙。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Where team members can post shout-outs to
colleagues who used AI.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 团队成员可以在上面向使用AI的同事致敬。

**Marina Stojanovic:** To improve customer outcomes. This could be
hosted in teams, or on your intranet. I say we do it.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
来改善客户成果。这可以托管在Teams中，或者在你的内网上。我说我们干吧。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Wow.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 哇。

**Marina Stojanovic:** That's pretty cool. I say we use AI to create it.
How about that one?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 那很酷。我说我们用AI来创造它。这个怎么样？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's very interesting. Adriana, can we go to the
next slide?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 这非常有趣。Adriana，我们可以看下一张幻灯片吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Here's something else for us to try. So while we
wait, um, for Daisy to get set up for our next use case, let's try
something.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
这里还有一些我们可以尝试的东西。在我们等待Daisy为下一个用例做准备的时候，让我们尝试一些东西。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Adriana, can we move to the next slide, please?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Adriana，我们可以转到下一张幻灯片吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Oh, yes.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 哦，是的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Is it just me, or can… oh, perfect! Um, can you
move one slide back? My apologies, I think something's… there's a lag on
my end, so I'm not able to see the slides.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
是只有我，还是……哦，完美！你能退回一张幻灯片吗？抱歉，我想我这边有点延迟，所以我看不到幻灯片。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And I think we have Daisy joining us. Daisy's…
Daisy's ready to go, right?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我想我们有Daisy加入我们了。Daisy……Daisy准备好了，对吧？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay, go ahead, Daisy.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的，请讲，Daisy。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome. Take it away.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 太棒了。请开始吧。

### 用例7：Daisy Dool - AI赋能客户规划流程

**Daisy Dool:** Perfect. Thank you. Let me just share my screen.

**Daisy Dool:** 完美。谢谢你。我这就分享我的屏幕。

**Daisy Dool:** Fantastic. Thank you, everybody, for your patience, and
a warm hello from me.

**Daisy Dool:** 太棒了。谢谢大家的耐心等待，我向大家致以热烈的问候。

**Daisy Dool:** I am Daisy, and I'm an Enablement Program Manager. I
design and manage programs and empower customer-facing teams, like sales
and customer success, so they can do their best work. My focus is on
driving efficiency, boosting productivity, and creating learning
experiences that truly support our revenue goals.

**Daisy Dool:**
我是Daisy，一名赋能项目经理。我设计和管理项目，并赋能面向客户的团队，如销售和客户成功团队，让他们能做到最好。我的重点是提高效率、提升生产力，并创造真正支持我们收入目标的学习体验。

**Daisy Dool:** Whether that's increasing pipeline, improving customer
retention, or enabling teams to confidently navigate complex processes.

**Daisy Dool:**
无论是增加销售管道、提高客户保留率，还是让团队能够自信地应对复杂流程。

**Daisy Dool:** I work cross-functionally with sales, customer success,
professional services, product and marketing, to build scalable training
paths, launch new tools, and workflows, and ensure teams have what they
need at the right time.

**Daisy Dool:**
我与销售、客户成功、专业服务、产品和市场营销等部门跨职能合作，构建可扩展的培训路径，推出新工具和工作流程，并确保团队在正确的时间获得所需的支持。

**Daisy Dool:** To succeed with their customers. Today, I'm sharing how
we reimagined a core workflow using AI.

**Daisy Dool:**
与他们的客户一起成功。今天，我将分享我们如何使用AI重新构想一个核心工作流程。

**Daisy Dool:** Specifically. How we helped account executives reclaim
hours of planning time by using tools they already have.

**Daisy Dool:**
具体来说，我们如何通过使用他们已有的工具，帮助客户主管节省数小时的规划时间。

**Daisy Dool:** No new platforms, no steep learning curves, just a
smarter. More intentional approach.

**Daisy Dool:**
没有新平台，没有陡峭的学习曲线，只有一个更聪明、更有目的性的方法。

**Daisy Dool:** This year, we rolled out a new customer engagement model
for our enterprise customer-facing teams, like sales, CS, and PS.

**Daisy Dool:**
今年，我们为我们的企业客户服务团队，如销售、客户成功（CS）和专业服务（PS）团队，推出了一个新的客户互动模型。

**Daisy Dool:** The goal was to create greater consistency and alignment
in how we support our customers.

**Daisy Dool:** 目标是在我们支持客户的方式上创造更大的一致性和协调性。

**Daisy Dool:** Especially in more complex strategic accounts. With that
came the need for a more structured and visible way to collaborate
across teams. And that's where account planning came in.

**Daisy Dool:**
特别是在更复杂的战略客户中。随之而来的是对更结构化、更可视化的跨团队协作方式的需求。这就是客户规划的用武之地。

**Daisy Dool:** As a part of this new model, we introduced account
planning as a key motion for context and account plan is a shared
document that helps teams rely on customer goals.

**Daisy Dool:**
作为这个新模型的一部分，我们引入了客户规划作为关键的背景动作，而客户计划是一个共享文档，帮助团队依赖客户目标。

**Daisy Dool:** Identify risks and blockers, map out key stakeholders,
and document how we plan to engage and grow the account strategically.

**Daisy Dool:**
识别风险和障碍，规划关键利益相关者，并记录我们计划如何战略性地与客户互动并发展客户。

**Daisy Dool:** But very quickly, we realized that creating these
account plans, while important, was also really time-consuming. Account
executives told us it was taking 3-5 hours, and most of that time was
spent summarizing what they already knew, not building strategy.

**Daisy Dool:**
但很快，我们意识到创建这些客户计划虽然重要，但也非常耗时。客户主管告诉我们这需要3-5个小时，而大部分时间都花在了总结他们已经知道的事情上，而不是制定策略。

**Daisy Dool:** So we had a critical motion that was meant to support
deeper engagement strategy, but it wasn't scaling.

**Daisy Dool:**
所以我们有一个旨在支持更深层次互动策略的关键举措，但它没有扩展。

**Daisy Dool:** That was the challenge we needed to solve. We didn't
want to throw out the process, we just needed to modernize how we
supported it. That's what led us to rethink the workflow using AI.

**Daisy Dool:**
这就是我们需要解决的挑战。我们不想抛弃这个流程，我们只是需要现代化我们支持它的方式。这就是促使我们使用AI重新思考工作流程的原因。

**Daisy Dool:** We didn't bring in any new tools, we just leaned into
what we already had access to.

**Daisy Dool:**
我们没有引入任何新工具，我们只是利用了我们已经拥有的资源。

**Daisy Dool:** For those who may not be familiar, Gong is our
conversational intelligence platform. It captures and transcribes
customer calls, and then uses AI to surface trends, like what topics are
being discussed, how many… how much a customer is speaking, and even
indicators of risk or momentum.

**Daisy Dool:**
对于那些可能不熟悉的人来说，Gong是我们的对话智能平台。它捕捉和转录客户通话，然后使用AI来发现趋势，比如正在讨论什么话题，客户说了多少话，甚至风险或势头的指标。

**Daisy Dool:** Quip is our collaborative workspace. It's where account
executives and other members of customer-facing teams document the
account plans. It's live, edible, and in context.

**Daisy Dool:**
Quip是我们的协作工作空间。客户主管和面向客户团队的其他成员在这里记录客户计划。它是实时的、可编辑的，并且与上下文相关。

**Daisy Dool:** It also integrates directly with Salesforce, so it
becomes a part of the workflow, not an extra step.

**Daisy Dool:**
它还直接与Salesforce集成，因此它成为工作流程的一部分，而不是一个额外的步骤。

**Daisy Dool:** What we did was introduce a workflow that connects the
two.

**Daisy Dool:** 我们所做的是引入一个连接这两者的工作流程。

**Daisy Dool:** Gong gives us the insights, and Copilot helps structure
those into a draft account plan that's ready for QUIP.

**Daisy Dool:**
Gong为我们提供洞察，而Copilot帮助将这些洞察构建成一个准备好用于QUIP的客户计划草案。

**Daisy Dool:** The goal here wasn't to automate thinking, it was to
save reps time on summarizing and formatting so they could focus on
strategy, and importantly, every plan still goes through a human filter.

**Daisy Dool:**
这里的目标不是自动化思考，而是为代表节省总结和格式化的时间，让他们能专注于策略，而且重要的是，每个计划仍然经过人工筛选。

**Daisy Dool:** Reps tweak, adjust, and make it their own. It's still
their voice, just with a head start.

**Daisy Dool:**
代表们会调整、修改，并使其成为自己的东西。这仍然是他们的声音，只是有了一个领先的开端。

**Daisy Dool:** Before I show you the work… how the workflow works, I
want to quickly highlight what we were able to unlock by rethinking our
approach.

**Daisy Dool:**
在我向你展示工作流程如何运作之前，我想快速强调一下我们通过重新思考方法所能解锁的东西。

**Daisy Dool:** First, we took what used to be a 3-5 hour task building
an account plan, and turned it into something reps could kick off in
about 15 minutes.

**Daisy Dool:**
首先，我们将过去需要3-5小时才能完成的客户计划制定任务，变成了一个代表们可以在大约15分钟内启动的事情。

**Daisy Dool:** That shift gave them back time to focus on strategy, not
documentation.

**Daisy Dool:** 这种转变让他们有时间专注于策略，而不是文档工作。

**Daisy Dool:** They could spend more time thinking about what moves the
account for, not just capturing what already happened.

**Daisy Dool:**
他们可以花更多时间思考如何推动客户发展，而不仅仅是记录已经发生的事情。

**Daisy Dool:** We also introduced a repeatable playbook that meant
teams weren't starting from scratch, and leaders could more easily coach
to a consistent process.

**Daisy Dool:**
我们还引入了一个可重复的剧本，这意味着团队不必从零开始，领导者可以更容易地指导一个一致的流程。

**Daisy Dool:** And along the way, we improved our data hygiene. As we
rolled this out, we uncovered issues with contact records.

**Daisy Dool:**
在此过程中，我们改善了我们的数据卫生。在推出这个过程中，我们发现了联系人记录的问题。

**Daisy Dool:** And CRM alignment that we wouldn't have noticed
otherwise. It helped us clean up the foundation we were building
insights on.

**Daisy Dool:**
以及CRM（客户关系管理）的对齐问题，否则我们不会注意到。这帮助我们清理了我们构建洞察的基础。

**Daisy Dool:** And lastly, this approach is scalable. What we built for
account planning can be adopted to assist customer success managers with
success plans, and just gathering other important customer insights.

**Daisy Dool:**
最后，这种方法是可扩展的。我们为客户规划构建的东西可以被采纳，以帮助客户成功经理制定成功计划，并收集其他重要的客户洞察。

**Daisy Dool:** So, now that you have a little context, let's jump into
the demo.

**Daisy Dool:** 那么，现在你有了点背景，让我们进入演示环节吧。

**Daisy Dool:** Hello, Demo Daisy here. So, I'm gonna be walking through
the workflow at a high level for us all today. Um, I already have
everything preloaded, so just keep in mind that this might be a bit of a
quicker experience than what our AEs are going to be doing.

**Daisy Dool:**
大家好，我是演示员Daisy。今天我将为大家高层次地介绍一下工作流程。我已经预加载了所有内容，所以请记住，这可能比我们的客户主管（AE）实际操作要快一些。

**Daisy Dool:** But it's still time-savings for them as well. So let me
go over to Gong. I already have a customer account here up and ready.
Um….

**Daisy Dool:**
但对他们来说，这仍然是节省时间的。那么让我转到Gong。我这里已经有一个客户账户准备好了。嗯……

**Daisy Dool:** Just as a reminder, Gong is essentially our source of
truth for all of our customer interactions. It hosts our call
recordings, but also email interactions. And when we are using a Gong
briefer, which is essentially a group of prompts that our AEs can.

**Daisy Dool:**
提醒一下，Gong基本上是我们所有客户互动的事实来源。它托管我们的通话录音，也包括邮件互动。当我们使用Gong简报器时，这实际上是一组我们的客户主管可以使用的提示。

**Daisy Dool:** Leverage with one click. Um, it is pulling insights
across those customer calls.

**Daisy Dool:** 只需一键即可利用。它正在从那些客户通话中提取洞察。

**Daisy Dool:** As well as the customer emails. So, let me go over here
to my account AI, and I already have the account plan brief here pulled
up.

**Daisy Dool:**
以及客户邮件。那么，让我到这里的我的账户AI，我已经把账户计划简报调出来了。

**Daisy Dool:** Um, something to be aware of. We have created this brief
so that it aligns with the same headings that are in the account plan
template.

**Daisy Dool:**
需要注意的一点是，我们创建的这份简报与客户计划模板中的标题是一致的。

**Daisy Dool:** But essentially, what will happen is the AE will prompt
Gong to pull this brief, um, and it will, again.

**Daisy Dool:**
但基本上，会发生的是，客户主管会提示Gong提取这份简报，然后它会再次。

**Daisy Dool:** Just, um, pull insights across all of our calls and
emails. Once that's ready, they will copy all and head over to Copilot.

**Daisy Dool:**
只是，从我们所有的通话和邮件中提取洞察。一旦准备好，他们会复制所有内容并转到Copilot。

**Daisy Dool:** We built an account plan to your agent and embedded 3
prompts that we think are going to be the most impactful when we're
thinking about the different.

**Daisy Dool:**
我们为你的智能体构建了一个客户计划，并嵌入了3个我们认为在考虑不同……

**Daisy Dool:** Task involved in account plan builds. So we have the
first prompt, which is build my first draft.

**Daisy Dool:**
客户计划构建中涉及的任务。所以我们有第一个提示，就是“构建我的初稿”。

**Daisy Dool:** And this will essentially take the information that we
have pulled from Gong and put it into more of an account plan friendly
format.

**Daisy Dool:**
这基本上会将我们从Gong提取的信息，转换成更适合客户计划的格式。

**Daisy Dool:** So, you'll notice things like a summary at the. Top of
each of the sections, and basically it will be removing any redundancies
or duplications that are coming up across the bulleted points from Gong.

**Daisy Dool:**
所以，你会注意到像每个部分顶部的摘要这样的东西，基本上它会移除Gong的要点中出现的任何冗余或重复。

**Daisy Dool:** So here we have, again, that summary. Everything is
still built into those sections, so it really is an easy copy and paste
for our AEs.

**Daisy Dool:**
所以这里我们再次有了那个摘要。所有东西仍然构建在那些部分中，所以对我们的客户主管来说，这真的是一个简单的复制粘贴。

**Daisy Dool:** And, um. I think one thing I do want to call out here is
there's always going to be the opportunity for the AE to review as
they're building out their account plan draft.

**Daisy Dool:**
而且，我想在这里指出的一点是，客户主管在构建他们的客户计划草案时，总是有机会进行审查。

**Daisy Dool:** And I do want to call out, just going back to Gong, it's
more than just reviewing the points. They can dive in deeper and figure
out where is Gong pulling this information specifically.

**Daisy Dool:**
我确实想指出，回到Gong，这不仅仅是审查要点。他们可以更深入地挖掘，弄清楚Gong具体是从哪里提取这些信息的。

**Daisy Dool:** So, now that we have our first draft, maybe the AE wants
to.

**Daisy Dool:** 那么，现在我们有了初稿，也许客户主管想要。

**Daisy Dool:** Prioritize which sections they really should be focusing
in on. Um, obviously, they're going to get to all of the sections, but
this is just to be strategic with their time. We have created a prompt,
which is, strengthen my account plan.

**Daisy Dool:**
优先考虑他们真正应该关注的部分。显然，他们会处理所有部分，但这只是为了战略性地利用他们的时间。我们创建了一个提示，即“加强我的客户计划”。

**Daisy Dool:** And this will have the account plan to review what was
built, what's working well, and any recommendations.

**Daisy Dool:**
这将让客户计划审查已构建的内容，哪些运作良好，以及任何建议。

**Daisy Dool:** Section by section. You'll have noticed in that prompt
library there is a third prompt, which is, um, basically a prompt that
allows the AE to combine the information from.

**Daisy Dool:**
逐节进行。你会注意到在那个提示库里有第三个提示，它基本上是一个允许客户主管将……

**Daisy Dool:** Their Gong Insights with an older account plan. This
really saves them time so that they're not having to, like, virtually
start from scratch, and there's a continuation from any previous account
plans.

**Daisy Dool:**
他们的Gong洞察与一个旧的客户计划结合起来。这真的为他们节省了时间，这样他们就不必几乎从零开始，并且可以延续任何以前的客户计划。

**Daisy Dool:** Um, once they are comfortable with what they have here
from Copilot, they can begin copying and pasting into the Quip Account
Plan template. Like I mentioned, we made it super easy by matching
headings to headings here.

**Daisy Dool:**
一旦他们对Copilot提供的内容感到满意，他们就可以开始复制粘贴到Quip客户计划模板中。正如我提到的，我们通过将标题与标题匹配，让这个过程变得超级简单。

**Daisy Dool:** And one thing I do want to call out, we purposely
omitted the executive summary because this is really where we want the
AE to, or the account executive to be spending their time. Um, this is
where they're going to be building their summary and point of view,
based off of all the information they have compiled, whether it's
through Gong, Salesforce, various different, um, areas, pod
conversations are, like.

**Daisy Dool:**
我确实想指出一点，我们特意省略了执行摘要，因为这才是我们希望客户主管花时间的地方。这是他们将根据他们汇编的所有信息，无论是通过Gong、Salesforce、各种不同领域，还是小组对话，来构建他们的摘要和观点的地方。

**Daisy Dool:** Internal alignment call conversations. Um, and they're
gonna build that summary here in the executive summary. So, why this is
really important is because we are.

**Daisy Dool:**
内部协调通话对话。他们将在这里的执行摘要中构建那个摘要。所以，这之所以非常重要，是因为我们。

**Daisy Dool:** Being purposeful with how we're using our AI workflows
here, it's always meant to be a supporting tool, not an end-all be-all,
and that's built into the workflow by omitting the executive summary.

**Daisy Dool:**
在这里使用我们的AI工作流程是有目的的，它始终是一个支持工具，而不是万能的，这一点通过省略执行摘要被内置到了工作流程中。

**Daisy Dool:** Um, that's my workflow, looking forward to continuing on
with the presentation.

**Daisy Dool:** 这就是我的工作流程，期待继续接下来的演讲。

**Daisy Dool:** Perfect. Thanks, Demo Daisy. Let's go over to the next
slide.

**Daisy Dool:** 完美。谢谢，演示员Daisy。让我们看下一张幻灯片。

**Daisy Dool:** Hello!

**Daisy Dool:** 喂！

**Daisy Dool:** So, just to recap, but also zoom out, we've taken what
used to be a multi-hour task and turned it into a 15-minute jumpstart.

**Daisy Dool:**
所以，总结一下，但也要从宏观角度看，我们把过去需要数小时的任务，变成了一个15分钟的快速启动。

**Daisy Dool:** But this wasn't just about speed. The real unlock was
giving reps time to think strategically and removing the friction that
made planning feel like a chore.

**Daisy Dool:**
但这不仅仅是关于速度。真正的突破是让代表们有时间进行战略性思考，并消除那些让规划感觉像是一件苦差事的摩擦。

**Daisy Dool:** We built this using tools people already knew, Gong,
Copilot, so the rollout was really smooth, and because the workflow is
repeatable, we were now scaling it across enterprise sales.

**Daisy Dool:**
我们使用人们已经熟悉的工具——Gong、Copilot——来构建这个，所以推广过程非常顺利，而且因为工作流程是可重复的，我们现在正在将其扩展到整个企业销售团队。

**Daisy Dool:** But we also learned a few things the hard way, like the
importance of clean CRM data.

**Daisy Dool:**
但我们也通过艰难的方式学到了一些东西，比如干净的CRM数据的重要性。

**Daisy Dool:** Gone with surfacing insights tied to the wrong contacts,
which helped us uncover and address deeper hygiene issues.

**Daisy Dool:**
随着与错误联系人相关的洞察的浮现，这帮助我们发现并解决了更深层次的数据卫生问题。

**Daisy Dool:** Now, we're adapting this workflow for other teams,
success plans, regional sales, value-based care progress.

**Daisy Dool:**
现在，我们正在为其他团队调整这个工作流程，包括成功计划、区域销售、基于价值的护理进展。

**Daisy Dool:** Wherever people are stuck spending time on structure
instead of strategy. That was the key for us. Ai gives reps a head
start.

**Daisy Dool:**
无论人们在哪里被困于花时间在结构上而不是策略上。这对我们来说是关键。AI给了代表们一个领先的开端。

**Daisy Dool:** But the team is always in control of what gets shared
and how it's shaped.

**Daisy Dool:** 但团队始终掌控着分享什么以及如何塑造它。

**Daisy Dool:** Ai supports, but never, ever replaces their judgment.
Before we head over to questions, I just want to say a few thank yous.

**Daisy Dool:**
AI提供支持，但绝不会取代他们的判断。在进入提问环节之前，我想说几句感谢的话。

**Daisy Dool:** First, a big shout out to Corey Fosco and Mark Bouchard.
You were the ones asking how we could save the team time and help them
focus on what really matters. This workflow exists because you are
looking out for your reps.

**Daisy Dool:** 首先，要特别感谢Corey Fosco和Mark
Bouchard。是你们提出了如何为团队节省时间，帮助他们专注于真正重要的事情。这个工作流程的存在，是因为你们在为你们的代表着想。

**Daisy Dool:** Samantha Leckie, my manager, thank you for encouraging
me to pause and explore how we can improve things through better
workflows.

**Daisy Dool:** Samantha
Leckie，我的经理，谢谢你鼓励我停下来，探索如何通过更好的工作流程来改进事情。

**Daisy Dool:** Your support made the space for this work to happen. And
finally, a huge thank you to every AE who tested, gave feedback, and
helped shape this.

**Daisy Dool:**
你的支持为这项工作创造了空间。最后，非常感谢每一位测试、提供反馈并帮助塑造这个项目的客户主管。

**Daisy Dool:** We wouldn't be here without you. This was a true team
effort, and I'm really proud of what we built together.

**Daisy Dool:**
没有你们，我们不会有今天的成就。这是真正的团队努力，我为我们共同建立的一切感到非常自豪。

**Daisy Dool:** Alrighty, with that, I am excited to open this up for
questions.

**Daisy Dool:** 好的，就此，我很高兴开放提问环节。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So, Jim and Daisy, we don't have any, um…. Uh, we
don't have any questions for you in the chat, only compliments, as we
should. Actually, I think that there is one question that I think is
meant for you. Is this agent autonomous, or can it learn and adjust and
relearn?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
那么，Jim和Daisy，我们没有……呃，我们在聊天中没有任何问题要问你们，只有赞美，这是应该的。实际上，我想有一个问题是给你们的。这个智能体是自主的，还是可以学习、调整和重新学习？

**Daisy Dool:** So right now, we built it so as Thomas, it's not
learning off of anything. We've really built it off based off of
prompting, because the goal of the agent was to take the insights and.

**Daisy Dool:**
所以现在，我们把它构建成自主的，它不从任何东西中学习。我们实际上是基于提示来构建它的，因为这个智能体的目标是获取洞察并。

**Daisy Dool:** Make it format-friendly for our account planning quip.

**Daisy Dool:** 使其格式友好，以便用于我们的客户规划工具Quip。

**Marina Stojanovic:** That's awesome. All right, so lots of, uh, lots
of excitement around this use case.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。好的，所以围绕这个用例有很多……很多兴奋的讨论。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Great work on the use case, and thank you and
Jeff for putting this together for us.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
在这个用例上做得很好，谢谢你和Jeff为我们准备了这个。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thanks again. All right, so as we are waiting,
and very well timed.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 再次感谢。好的，在我们等待的时候，时间刚刚好。

### 主持人互动：AI扮演销售角色

**Marina Stojanovic:** We have another challenge for you. I would like
you to act as a sales… I would like you to ask AI.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们有另一个挑战给你。我希望你扮演一个销售……我希望你问AI。

**Marina Stojanovic:** To act as a sales professional. And convince me
that sugar is actually good for me. So I dropped the prompt in the chat.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
扮演一个销售专业人士，并说服我糖实际上对我有好处。我把提示放到了聊天里。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Please go ahead and put it in your friendly
neighborhood robot.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 请把它输入到你友好的邻家机器人里。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, and let us know what they come back with. How
is it going to convince you that sugar is good for you?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
然后告诉我们它们的回应。它将如何说服你糖对你有好处？

**Marina Stojanovic:** I mean, we all know sugar's great for you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我的意思是，我们都知道糖对你很好。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And also tell us if you use Copilot this way, if
you actually use Copilot and make Copilot take on a certain role to be
able to practice a conversation.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
也告诉我们你是否这样使用Copilot，你是否真的使用Copilot并让它扮演某个角色来练习对话。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, to help co-pilot critique something. Please
tell us, uh, if you did get convincing arguments.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
来帮助Copilot评论某事。请告诉我们，你是否得到了有说服力的论点。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** From Copilot.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 来自Copilot。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I can tell you what my co-pilot said. Uh, it's
very convincing, and I think I might just actually, uh, just might
actually do it. Um….

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我可以告诉你我的Copilot说了什么。它非常有说服力，我想我可能真的会……真的会这么做。嗯……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Let's frame the narrative. Sugar isn't just a
sweet indulgence, it's instant joy, and I could not agree more. And it's
in crystal form. That spoonful in your morning coffee, it's a tiny.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
让我们构建一个叙事。糖不仅仅是一种甜蜜的放纵，它是即时的快乐，我完全同意。而且它是晶体形式。你早晨咖啡里的那一勺，是一个微小的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Happiness Delivery System that Cookie shared with
a friend. It's a nostalgic bridge to your childhood, sugar fuel is not
only your body, hello glucose equals energy, but also your best memories
and little rituals.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
快乐传递系统，就像和朋友分享的饼干。它是通往你童年的怀旧桥梁，糖不仅为你的身体提供燃料——你好，葡萄糖等于能量——也为你的美好回忆和那些让生活感觉充实的小仪式提供燃料。

**Marina Stojanovic:** That make life feel full. Who agrees with that?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 让生活感觉充实。谁同意这一点？

**Marina Stojanovic:** I'm loving all the responses in the chat as well.
Oh, no, I think somebody's model crashed because of the sugar. Um….

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我也很喜欢聊天中的所有回应。哦，不，我想有人的模型因为糖而崩溃了。嗯……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Sugar acts as a fast energy source for your body
and brain, says Nathan Lee's, uh, friendly neighborhood robot.

**Marina Stojanovic:** Nathan
Lee的友好邻家机器人说，糖是身体和大脑的快速能量来源。

**Marina Stojanovic:** It's particularly beneficial for physical
activity. It helps replenish muscle energy stores after exercise.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
它对体力活动尤其有益。它有助于在运动后补充肌肉能量储备。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And can make healthy foods more enjoyable, so go
out and work out, and have a bunch of sugar after. It's great!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
并且能让健康食品更美味，所以出去锻炼，然后吃一大堆糖。太棒了！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, sugar is your body's…. Preferred source of
fuel, glucose powers your brain, so sugar is good for your brain, you
guys.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
糖是你身体的首选燃料来源，葡萄糖为你的大脑提供能量，所以糖对你的大脑有好处，伙计们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** This is so interesting.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 这太有趣了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And every cell in your body, whether you're
analyzing databases or running a marathon, sugar helps you stay sharp
and re-energize.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
你身体的每一个细胞，无论你是在分析数据库还是在跑马拉松，糖都能帮助你保持敏锐和重新充满活力。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's amazing. I loved Ifet's response, it was so
convince… convincing. Sugar isn't bad at all. In fact, your brain
thrives on glucose, a form of sugar.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
太棒了。我喜欢Ifet的回应，它非常有说服力。糖一点也不坏。事实上，你的大脑依赖葡萄糖，一种糖的形式。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** In its primary energy source. This is so accurate,
because it gives you a lot of, you know, factual data and says, hey,
it's not that bad at all.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
作为其主要能量来源。这非常准确，因为它给了你很多事实数据，并说，嘿，它一点也不坏。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, great, great responses. Uh, we'd love to hear
if you've used this type of.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 非常棒的回应。我们很想听听你是否用过这种类型的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, you know, a prompt for something work-related.
Have you been able to use, you know, a prompt where you asked Copilot
to, you know, maybe debate with you.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
你知道，一个与工作相关的提示。你是否用过一个提示，让Copilot，你知道，或许和你辩论。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Or, um, you know, convince you, or act as someone.
Sharing a box of donuts or a slice of cake in the break room, sugar
brings people together. Oh, that's lovely!

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
或者，你知道，说服你，或者扮演某个人。在休息室分享一盒甜甜圈或一块蛋糕，糖能把人们聚在一起。哦，那太可爱了！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Love it. We love it. I mean, who's gonna argue
with this? Robin, Katie?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
爱了。我们爱了。我的意思是，谁会反对这个？Robin，Katie？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Kristen, I mean, we all… we all agree, sunshine,
coffee, and Netflix, it's all about balance. Let's stop treating sugar
like the enemy and start appreciating it as a sweet sidekick. It was
always meant to be!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
Kristen，我的意思是，我们都……我们都同意，阳光、咖啡和Netflix，一切都关乎平衡。让我们停止把糖当作敌人，开始欣赏它作为甜蜜的伙伴。它本该如此！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Loving it.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 爱了。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Called from Telefidex Core.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 来自Telefidex Core的电话。

**Marina Stojanovic:** That's fantastic. Nothing says….

**Marina Stojanovic:** 太棒了。没什么能比……

**Lisa Jarrett:** Call from Pendleton Expo.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 来自Pendleton Expo的电话。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Oh, is somebody… is that you? Is your robot
talking to you, Kecki?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
哦，有人……是你吗？是你的机器人在和你说话吗，Kecki？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Nope. Not me. I did hear a robot talking in the
background, though.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 不。不是我。不过我确实听到了背景里有机器人在说话。

**Marina Stojanovic:** All good. All right.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 一切都好。好的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Ai is very happy we're doing this symposium, so….
We have random robots joining us now.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
AI很高兴我们举办这个研讨会，所以……现在有随机的机器人加入我们了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay, I'm wondering if our next team is set up,
um….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的，我想知道我们的下一个团队是否已经准备好了……

**Marina Stojanovic:** We're loving it.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们很喜欢。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Next up, we have Jenna. Jenna, I'm wondering if
you've had the time to set up your screen share?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
接下来，我们有Jenna。Jenna，我想知道你是否有时间设置你的屏幕分享？

### 用例8：Jenna Paglia - AI驱动的客户利用率分析

**Jenna Paglia:** Yes, I am here, and I am ready to go.

**Jenna Paglia:** 是的，我在这里，我准备好了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Amazing. Over to you, Jenna.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 太棒了。交给你了，Jenna。

**Jenna Paglia:** Can you just give me a thumbs up that you can see my
screen?

**Jenna Paglia:** 你能给我一个赞，确认你能看到我的屏幕吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yes, we can.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，我们可以。

**Jenna Paglia:** Okay, and let me make sure I'm sharing with sound.
Okay, perfect. I'm ready to go.

**Jenna Paglia:** 好的，让我确保我分享了声音。好的，完美。我准备好了。

**Jenna Paglia:** Hi, everyone! My name is Jenna Paglia. I am the Sales
Enablement Manager on the Revenue Enablement Team, and I am so excited
to be talking about our AI use case today. My project was in conjunction
with solution architect Jeff Wright. He's not on with me today, but he
recorded a fabulous demo, which we will see in a bit.

**Jenna Paglia:** 大家好！我叫Jenna
Paglia。我是收入赋能团队的销售赋能经理，我非常兴奋今天能谈论我们的AI用例。我的项目是与解决方案架构师Jeff
Wright合作的。他今天不在，但他录制了一个精彩的演示，我们稍后会看到。

**Jenna Paglia:** Our use of AI will empower the go-to-market teams to
easily understand customer utilization data and have more meaningful
conversations with customers about business outcomes.

**Jenna Paglia:**
我们对AI的使用将赋能市场推广团队，让他们能轻松理解客户使用数据，并与客户就业务成果进行更有意义的对话。

**Jenna Paglia:** About business outcomes. A lot of prep went into this.
For example, I went as far to watch Back to the Future for the first
time last weekend, so I've never felt more ready to talk about advancing
technology.

**Jenna Paglia:**
关于业务成果。这方面做了很多准备。例如，我上周末第一次看了《回到未来》，所以我从未感觉比现在更准备好谈论先进技术了。

**Jenna Paglia:** I wanted to start by talking a little bit about the
problem we were facing.

**Jenna Paglia:** 我想从我们面临的问题开始谈起。

**Jenna Paglia:** 360 Insights is an incredibly powerful tool which
provides us with an abundance of data, including customer product
utilization and performance metrics.

**Jenna Paglia:** 360
Insights是一个非常强大的工具，它为我们提供了大量数据，包括客户产品使用率和性能指标。

**Jenna Paglia:** However, with this increase in data availability, the
senior care sales and customer success teams were faced with a
double-edged sword.

**Jenna Paglia:**
然而，随着数据可用性的增加，老年护理销售和客户成功团队面临着一把双刃剑。

**Jenna Paglia:** A great amount of information to interpret… oh, sorry,
a great amount of information, but also a great amount of information to
interpret.

**Jenna Paglia:**
大量的信息需要解读……哦，抱歉，是大量的信息，但也是大量需要解读的信息。

**Jenna Paglia:** Reps can spend up to an hour interpreting utilization
and performance data for a single customer call.

**Jenna Paglia:**
代表们可能需要花费长达一个小时来解读单个客户通话的使用率和性能数据。

**Jenna Paglia:** Now, in revenue enablement, our job is to support the
go-to-market teams, and their problems are our problems.

**Jenna Paglia:**
现在，在收入赋能方面，我们的工作是支持市场推广团队，他们的问题就是我们的问题。

**Jenna Paglia:** We wanted to come up with a way to enable our teams to
really easily understand the data in 360 Insights.

**Jenna Paglia:** 我们想找到一种方法，让我们的团队能够真正轻松地理解360
Insights中的数据。

**Jenna Paglia:** Cut down on the amount of time spent interpreting that
data, and ultimately, give them that time back to focus on what really
matters.

**Jenna Paglia:**
减少解读数据所花费的时间，并最终将这些时间还给他们，让他们专注于真正重要的事情。

**Jenna Paglia:** How can we help our customers deliver exceptional
care? Enter AI, our solution.

**Jenna Paglia:**
我们如何能帮助我们的客户提供卓越的护理？答案是AI，我们的解决方案。

**Jenna Paglia:** We created an army of AI agents that can do all of the
heavy lifting for our reps when it comes to interpreting data for
specific point-click care products.

**Jenna Paglia:**
我们创建了一支AI智能体大军，它们可以为我们的代表们承担所有繁重的数据解读工作，特别是针对特定的PointClickCare产品。

**Jenna Paglia:** These AI agents translate raw utilization data from
360 Insights. Into trends that can then be related back to customer
business outcomes.

**Jenna Paglia:** 这些AI智能体将来自360
Insights的原始使用数据转化为趋势，然后这些趋势可以与客户的业务成果联系起来。

**Jenna Paglia:** I'm gonna hand things over to my partner on this
project, Jeff Wright, who recorded a quick demonstration of our
infection prevention and control AI agent in action.

**Jenna Paglia:** 我要把话筒交给我在这个项目中的搭档Jeff
Wright，他录制了一个关于我们的感染预防与控制AI智能体实际应用的快速演示。

**Jenna Paglia:** Say that 5 times fast. Hopefully the sound is gonna
work on this.

**Jenna Paglia:** 快速说五遍。希望这个声音能起作用。

**Jenna Paglia:** We've been working on a tool to help. Show the
correlation between great outcomes.

**Jenna Paglia:** 我们一直在开发一个工具来帮助展示良好结果与……

**Jenna Paglia:** And adoption and utilization of our products. The
example we have here is we have our infection prevention and control
analyzer.

**Jenna Paglia:**
以及我们产品的采用和利用之间的相关性。我们这里的例子是我们的感染预防与控制分析器。

**Jenna Paglia:** Really simply, how we built it is to test to see if
the application would work.

**Jenna Paglia:** 很简单，我们构建它的方式是测试应用程序是否能工作。

**Jenna Paglia:** Obviously, if we're going to roll this out at a larger
scale, we'd want to connect directly to the data itself.

**Jenna Paglia:**
显然，如果我们要更大规模地推广这个，我们会希望直接连接到数据本身。

**Jenna Paglia:** So there's a couple steps I'm going to show you here
that eventually we would want to automate as well. But first thing I
wanted to show you is we're going to take a customer's.

**Jenna Paglia:**
所以我在这里要向你展示几个步骤，我们最终也希望将它们自动化。但首先我想向你展示的是，我们将获取一个客户的。

**Jenna Paglia:** Utilization data. So I'm using a customer's data, but
I've. Cleaned it up and making sure that we just use a fake name here.

**Jenna Paglia:**
使用数据。我正在使用一个客户的数据，但我已经清理过，并确保我们在这里只使用一个假名。

**Jenna Paglia:** Carecorp. So I'm going to upload CareCorp's. Infection
prevention and control, utilization data, and what I've asked it to do
is group.

**Jenna Paglia:**
Carecorp。所以我要上传CareCorp的感染预防与控制使用数据，我要求它做的是分组。

**Jenna Paglia:** The homes together in green, yellow, and red. Green
meaning great utilization, yellow means moderate utilization, and red is
indicating that.

**Jenna Paglia:**
将这些家庭分为绿色、黄色和红色。绿色表示使用率高，黄色表示中等，红色表示。

**Jenna Paglia:** Utilize… it needs some work. And so what we've asked
it to do is group those homes together, so then we can see, is there a
correlation between those utilization groups.

**Jenna Paglia:**
使用……它需要一些工作。所以我们要求它做的是将那些家庭分组，这样我们就能看到，这些使用组之间是否存在相关性。

**Jenna Paglia:** And the outcomes that are related. Or should be
impacted by the use of this tool.

**Jenna Paglia:** 以及相关的结果，或者说应该受到这个工具使用影响的结果。

**Jenna Paglia:** So you can see here, down below, we have 18 homes that
are in that green zone.

**Jenna Paglia:** 所以你可以在下面看到，我们有18个家庭处于绿色区域。

**Jenna Paglia:** 14 in yellow, and 13 in red. The next steps, we
created a prompt that would then allow us to upload.

**Jenna Paglia:**
14个在黄色区域，13个在红色区域。下一步，我们创建了一个提示，允许我们上传。

**Jenna Paglia:** Outcome data. For the… for the actual agent to go in
and see if there's a correlation between the two. So I'm going to op…
I'm going to upload CareCorp's outcome.

**Jenna Paglia:**
结果数据。让实际的智能体介入，看看两者之间是否存在相关性。所以我要……我要上传CareCorp的结果。

**Jenna Paglia:** And in a few seconds, it'll add to that table and show
us.

**Jenna Paglia:** 几秒钟后，它会添加到那个表格中并向我们展示。

**Jenna Paglia:** The green group, the yellow group, and the red groups.
Outcome data related to infections.

**Jenna Paglia:** 绿色组、黄色组和红色组。与感染相关的结果数据。

**Jenna Paglia:** So, as you can see here, very quickly, our green
group.

**Jenna Paglia:** 所以，正如你在这里看到的，很快，我们的绿色小组。

**Jenna Paglia:** Has the best outcomes with regards to percentage of
long-stay residents with urinary tract infections.

**Jenna Paglia:** 在长期居住居民尿路感染百分比方面取得了最佳结果。

**Jenna Paglia:** And average percent of infections where patients go
back to the hospital.

**Jenna Paglia:** 以及患者因感染返回医院的平均百分比。

**Jenna Paglia:** And you can see that in this case here, this example,
we have shown correlation between adoption and utilization of our
solution and the performance outcomes of those buildings.

**Jenna Paglia:**
你可以看到，在这个案例中，这个例子，我们展示了我们解决方案的采用和利用与那些建筑物的性能结果之间的相关性。

**Jenna Paglia:** We're hoping to apply this to, obviously, more
products than just infection control, and be able to tell this great
story to our customers.

**Jenna Paglia:**
我们希望将此应用于更多的产品，而不仅仅是感染控制，并能够向我们的客户讲述这个伟大的故事。

**Jenna Paglia:** Thanks, Jeff. Great demo. So, to kind of go into a
little bit more context as to what we're seeing, to summarize.

**Jenna Paglia:**
谢谢，Jeff。很棒的演示。那么，为了更深入地了解我们所看到的情况，总结一下。

**Jenna Paglia:** Um, the AI agent that we created was to… able to
establish the facilities belonging to CareCorp into three categories.

**Jenna Paglia:** 我们创建的AI智能体能够将属于CareCorp的设施分为三类。

**Jenna Paglia:** Red for not-so-great utilization of our PCC products,
or sorry, IPC product.

**Jenna Paglia:** 红色代表我们PCC产品或IPC产品的使用率不佳。

**Jenna Paglia:** Yellow for moderate utilization, and green for optimal
utilization. It was then able to identify trends, and what it saw was
that facilities in the green zone, those with optimal utilization of our
IPC products, are showing the best results.

**Jenna Paglia:**
黄色代表中等使用率，绿色代表最佳使用率。然后它能够识别趋势，它看到的是，绿色区域的设施，也就是那些最佳使用我们IPC产品的设施，显示出最好的结果。

**Jenna Paglia:** They have fewer long-stay residents with urinary tract
infections and lower percentages of patients returning to the hospital
due to infections.

**Jenna Paglia:**
他们的长期居住居民尿路感染较少，因感染返回医院的患者百分比较低。

**Jenna Paglia:** Great. So this demonstrates a correlation between the
adoption and effective utilization of our solution and the improved
performance of these facilities.

**Jenna Paglia:**
太棒了。所以这证明了我们解决方案的采用和有效利用与这些设施性能改善之间的相关性。

**Jenna Paglia:** So, it's important to note that we're using AI for
correlation, not causation.

**Jenna Paglia:**
所以，需要注意的是，我们使用AI是为了寻找相关性，而不是因果关系。

**Jenna Paglia:** While we have this information, it's great, but we
can't directly tell our customers, if you use IPC, you'll see a
reduction in rehospitalizations.

**Jenna Paglia:**
虽然我们有这些信息，这很棒，但我们不能直接告诉我们的客户，如果你使用IPC，你会看到再入院率的降低。

**Jenna Paglia:** But what we can do is show them the trends within
their own facilities that support these better business outcomes.

**Jenna Paglia:**
但我们能做的是向他们展示他们自己设施内的趋势，这些趋势支持了更好的业务成果。

**Jenna Paglia:** And allow them to connect those dots back to our
utilization of our point-click care products.

**Jenna Paglia:**
并让他们将这些点与我们PointClickCare产品的使用联系起来。

**Jenna Paglia:** It's also important to mention that these AI agents
aren't meant to replace the work our reps do, but rather empower them to
have more meaningful conversations about product utilization and the
impact on business outcomes with our customers.

**Jenna Paglia:**
同样重要的是要提到，这些AI智能体并非旨在取代我们代表的工作，而是赋能他们与客户就产品使用及其对业务成果的影响进行更有意义的对话。

**Jenna Paglia:** Now, if you're in sales or customer success, I know
what your question's gonna be, uh, when the heck do I get to try this?

**Jenna Paglia:**
现在，如果你在销售或客户成功部门，我知道你的问题会是什么，我到底什么时候能试试这个？

**Jenna Paglia:** And to that, I say stay tuned. We will be sharing more
details over the next few weeks.

**Jenna Paglia:** 对此，我说敬请期待。我们将在未来几周分享更多细节。

**Jenna Paglia:** That's all I have for you today. I am so very
appreciative of your time. I will open it up for questions.

**Jenna Paglia:**
这就是我今天为大家准备的全部内容。我非常感谢你们的时间。我将开放提问环节。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thank you so much, Jenna! We have a lot of
wood-wots in the chat, um….

**Marina Stojanovic:** 非常感谢你，Jenna！我们在聊天中有很多赞叹声……

**Marina Stojanovic:** And a lot of people are really excited about this
product coming.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 很多人对这个即将推出的产品感到非常兴奋。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, and excited to see how they can use it in
their own, uh, in their own departments and for their day-to-day. I
don't have any.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
并且兴奋地想看看他们如何在自己的部门和日常工作中使用它。我没有任何。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Chats or Q&A for you. Um, but we'd love to have
people connect with you and the rest of the presenters, and just.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
给你聊天或问答。但是我们很希望人们能与你和其他演讲者联系，并且只是。

**Marina Stojanovic:** You know, make a connection, talk about AI,
make…. Make, uh, make, you know, use of the time that you have, and the
brilliant minds that have put these use cases together, such as Jenna
and Robot Jeff.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
你知道，建立联系，谈论AI，利用……利用你拥有的时间，以及那些将这些用例整合在一起的杰出头脑，比如Jenna和机器人Jeff。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, and so definitely, definitely reach out if
you want to chat more with them.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 所以，如果你想和他们多聊聊，一定要联系他们。

**Marina Stojanovic:** We appreciate that. Thank you so much to both of
you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们很感激。非常感谢你们两位。

**Jenna Paglia:** Thank you

**Jenna Paglia:** 谢谢你。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Thank you. Thanks once again, Jenna and Jeff, that
was amazing.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 谢谢你。再次感谢Jenna和Jeff，那太棒了。

### 主持人互动：对AI的礼貌

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, so now, it's time for some real talk. While we
wait, let's talk about who here says please and thank you to their AI
assistants.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
那么，现在是时候说点实在的了。在我们等待的时候，我们来谈谈这里有谁会对他们的AI助手说“请”和“谢谢”。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** How about you, Marina? Do you say please and thank
you when you interact with AI?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 你呢，Marina？你在与AI互动时会说“请”和“谢谢”吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** I do. However, Alexa's the only exception,
because she likes to sass me.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我会。不过，Alexa是唯一的例外，因为她喜欢对我无礼。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And she doesn't really do what I want her to do,
so I don't… I actually argue with her.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
而且她并不真正做我想让她做的事，所以我不会……我实际上会和她争论。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, but the… if I am typing it into the… into the
screen, and it can be traced back to me, I absolutely do, because if
they ever become self-aware, I want to be spared. What can I say?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
但是……如果我把它输入到屏幕上，并且可以追溯到我，我绝对会这么做，因为如果它们有一天变得有自我意识，我希望被幸免。我能说什么呢？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, absolutely, I agree with you. I want to be on
their nice list as well.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
是的，当然，我同意你的看法。我也想在他们的好人名单上。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** But here's something I've been reading about.
Technically, no, we don't have to be polite to, you know, any AI agent
or any AI assistant. Ai doesn't have feelings, no consciousness, or….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
但这是我最近读到的一些东西。从技术上讲，不，我们不必对任何AI智能体或AI助手有礼貌。AI没有感情，没有意识，或者……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Social expectations. So it doesn't really get
offended or even feel appreciated if you keep saying please and thank
you.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
社会期望。所以如果你一直说“请”和“谢谢”，它并不会真的被冒犯，甚至不会感到被欣赏。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** However, socially and psychologically, yes, it can
be a good idea to be polite to AI, and here's why.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
然而，从社会和心理角度来看，是的，对AI有礼貌可能是一个好主意，原因如下。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** It reinforces empathy, not for AI, but it actually
does reinforce empathy and kindness for the person talking to AI.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
它增强了同理心，不是对AI，而是实际上增强了与AI交谈的人的同理心和善良。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And more importantly, it models good behavior. And,
you know, even good language for AI.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
更重要的是，它树立了良好的行为榜样。而且，你知道，甚至为AI树立了良好的语言榜样。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** As AI continues to become more human-like in
conversations, polite language might actually help, and it might
influence how AI is being trained to respond.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
随着AI在对话中变得越来越像人类，礼貌的语言实际上可能会有所帮助，并且可能会影响AI被训练如何回应。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So, let's take a look at what our audience thinks.
Anything from the audience?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
那么，让我们看看我们的观众是怎么想的。观众有什么看法吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** A lot of yeses, a lot of yeses. Uh, I heard
threatening gives you the best results, but I'm not taking my chance.
Good move, Jennifer! I appreciate that.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
很多“是”，很多“是”。我听说威胁能得到最好的结果，但我不想冒险。干得好，Jennifer！我很欣赏。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, we have Melissa Jackson. I say please before
prompt, but I've never said thank you. Uh-oh. It's gonna remember that,
Melissa, just wait. Um, if they become self-aware, it's over for Jeff.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们有Melissa
Jackson。我在提示前会说“请”，但我从没说过“谢谢”。哦哦。它会记住的，Melissa，等着瞧。如果它们变得有自我意识，Jeff就完蛋了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Very interesting.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 非常有趣。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Sorry, for Jonathan, he read an article that
threatening your AI Makes the Prompt Better. My prompts are real good.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
抱歉，对于Jonathan，他读了一篇文章说威胁你的AI能让提示变得更好。我的提示真的很好。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh my god. Wow. But here's an interesting angle. I
don't know if anyone read about this. There is a cost to being polite to
AI. Has anyone read about that article that came out very recently from
OpenAI? So, you know, just using phrases like, please, thank you.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
天哪。哇。但这里有一个有趣的角度。我不知道有没有人读过这个。对AI有礼貌是有代价的。有人读过OpenAI最近发表的那篇文章吗？所以，你知道，只是使用像“请”、“谢谢”这样的短语。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** They actually do increase the number of tokens in a
prompt, so the number of words increase, therefore it's a very marginal
increase. Technically.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
它们实际上会增加提示中的令牌（token：AI模型处理文本的基本单位）数量，所以词语数量增加，因此这是一个非常微小的增加。从技术上讲。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** It's a very small cost, but it does increase the
cost.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 这是一个非常小的成本，但它确实增加了成本。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, so there's no official research proving it, but
there is some anecdotal data, and I've even heard this in some of the
trainings done by Microsoft, that.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
所以没有官方研究证明这一点，但有一些轶事数据，我甚至在微软的一些培训中听说过。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** There is actually, you know, some influence on the
model's tone. It doesn't mean if you are nice to the model, it'll give
you good responses, otherwise it won't, that's totally not true.
However, if you… it tries to mimic your tone. So, if you are more
thoughtful, and if you are more polite while asking questions, it might
mimic the same tone, and it might lead to better, more thoughtful, or
even more nuanced results.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
实际上，对模型的语气有一些影响。这并不意味着如果你对模型友好，它就会给你好的回应，否则就不会，那完全不是真的。然而，如果你……它会尝试模仿你的语气。所以，如果你在提问时更周到、更有礼貌，它可能会模仿同样的语气，并可能带来更好、更周到，甚至更细致的结果。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So, does anyone here have any experiences with
that? Um, while I know politeness doesn't really change the factual
accuracy of the data or the results that you get, do you find a subtle
change in maybe the tone or the depth of your argument or your
engagement with AI? Tell us in the chat.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
那么，这里有人有这方面的经验吗？虽然我知道礼貌并不会真正改变数据的真实性或你得到的结果，但你是否发现与AI的互动中，语气或论点深度有细微的变化？在聊天中告诉我们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** What do you think? Especially when you're trying to
generate something very creative.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
你怎么看？特别是当你试图生成一些非常有创意的东西时。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Or when you're getting AI, maybe the writing coach.
Writing coach is a great example, because it can actually create.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
或者当你使用AI，比如写作教练时。写作教练是一个很好的例子，因为它实际上可以创造。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Poetry for you, it can create essays for you. So
what does that look like? Have you noticed a change?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
为你写诗，为你写文章。那是什么样子的？你注意到变化了吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Tell us in the chat. Let's see what everyone's
saying.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 在聊天中告诉我们。让我们看看大家都在说什么。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Be Canadian. I love it. Keep the responses
coming, we'll keep reading them as we go along.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
做个加拿大人。我喜欢。请继续回应，我们会边走边读。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Be canoe! I love that.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 做个独木舟！我喜欢那个。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, going down the wrong path, stop generating,
and right. Oh, that's all I have to say. All I have to say is she… Alexa
started it, so let's, uh, you know, that's not my fault. She's… she's
like this.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
走错了路，停止生成，对。哦，这就是我要说的。我只想说，是她……是Alexa先开始的，所以，你知道，那不是我的错。她……她就是这样。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh my god, okay, so next up….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 天哪，好的，那么接下来……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's amazing. Next up, we have a very interesting
and insightful use case by Litza from OCIO.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
太棒了。接下来，我们有一个来自OCIO（首席信息官办公室）的Litza带来的非常有趣且富有洞察力的用例。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Alright.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, on an AI agent called Profit. I'm very curious.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 关于一个叫做Profit的AI智能体。我很好奇。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Go ahead, Lipta.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 请讲，Lipta。

### 用例9：Lipsa Mishra - Copado AI在软件开发生命周期中的应用

**Lipsa Mishra:** Please let me know when you are able to see my screen.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 当你能看到我的屏幕时，请告诉我。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yes, we can see it now

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，我们现在能看到了。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Thank you. So my AI tool is Capato AI. And it's going
to be… it's going to be showcased to me, uh, no, hey, I'm just going to
introduce myself first. This is Lipsa.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 谢谢你。我的AI工具是Copado
AI。它将……它将向我展示，不，嘿，我先自我介绍一下。我是Lipsa。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, I'm the senior manager from OSAO. The AI tool is
Capado AI, and I'm trying to showcase that.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
我是OSAO（运营支持与分析办公室）的高级经理。这个AI工具是Copado
AI，我正试图展示它。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, how using Capato AI, we can streamline our
software development lifecycle.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 如何使用Copado AI来简化我们的软件开发生命周期。

**Lipsa Mishra:** From requirement intake through our development. So,
bear with me a little bit.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 从需求接收到我们的开发。所以，请耐心听我讲一下。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Yep, so can we get you to do it in presenter
mode? Share your screen in presenter mode?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
是的，那么我们能让你在演示模式下操作吗？在演示模式下分享你的屏幕？

**Lipsa Mishra:** Give me a second.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 给我一秒钟。

**Marina Stojanovic:** This full screen. Perfect. Thank you so much.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 这个全屏。完美。非常感谢。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Okay. Um…. We have different processes when we are
doing the software development lifecycle. We have planning, we have
building, we have testing, then we have release, and we have operations.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
好的。我们在进行软件开发生命周期时有不同的流程。我们有规划、构建、测试，然后是发布和运营。

**Lipsa Mishra:** We are trying to showcase how we can use the Kapada
UI… AI to build different kind of.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 我们正试图展示如何使用Copado UI……AI来构建不同种类的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Agents and automate all of them. Kapado AI platform
uses. 5 agents plan, build, test, release, and operate. How can it help
its accelerate development?

**Lipsa Mishra:** 智能体并自动化所有这些。Copado
AI平台使用5个智能体：计划、构建、测试、发布和运营。它如何能帮助加速开发？

**Lipsa Mishra:** And then score quality, reduced technical dApp, and
then we can have increased team productivity.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后评估质量，减少技术债务（technical
debt：指开发过程中为求快速而采取的非最优解决方案，未来需要额外工作来修复），然后我们可以提高团队生产力。

**Lipsa Mishra:** I'm going to showcase a little bit about how our
automation works right now. So, we have business analysts who take care
of our requirement phase.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
我将展示一下我们目前的自动化工作原理。我们有业务分析师负责我们的需求阶段。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Then they create the stories in JIRA, then we have
engineers.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后他们在JIRA中创建用户故事，然后我们有工程师。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Who write the code, refactor, do the unit testing, and
then we deploy them into production. So all of this can be done and
automated using the Capado pipelines.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
他们编写代码、重构、进行单元测试，然后我们将其部署到生产环境。所有这些都可以使用Copado管道来完成和自动化。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Let me showcase to you, um, special thanks to my
teammates Damien and, uh, Rob, who have done this, uh, you know, demo.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
让我向你展示一下，特别感谢我的队友Damien和Rob，他们做了这个演示。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Um, let me know when you're able to see my screen
here.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 当你能看到我的屏幕时，请告诉我。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yep, we can see it now.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，我们现在能看到了。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Using Kopado AI to extract requirements. From multiple
meeting transcripts.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 使用Copado AI从多个会议记录中提取需求。

**Lipsa Mishra:** First of all, when someone in a new chat, I will
upload.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 首先，当有人在一个新聊天中时，我会上传。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Transcript files.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 转录文件。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And once they're all loaded. We'll include this
prompt. Assume you are a top-performing senior.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
一旦它们全部加载完毕。我们将包含这个提示。假设你是一位顶尖的高级。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Salesforce Business Analyst, please analyze the
meeting transcripts and extract identified and perceived.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
Salesforce业务分析师，请分析会议记录并提取已识别和感知到的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Business requirements for lead management, and use the
Moscow methodology to provide a clear sentence.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
潜在客户管理的业务需求，并使用MoSCoW方法（一种优先级排序技术，将需求分为Must-have,
Should-have, Could-have, Won't-have）提供一个清晰的句子。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Then, produce a matrix showing traceability between
business requirements. Pain points, use cases, use case scenarios.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
然后，生成一个矩阵，显示业务需求、痛点、用例、用例场景之间的可追溯性。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Personas or roles. Invest formatted user stories in
well-defined acceptance criteria.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
用户画像或角色。将格式化的用户故事投入到定义明确的验收标准中。

**Lipsa Mishra:** In the given, when, then. Format.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
在给定的“Given-When-Then”（一种用于编写验收测试的格式）格式中。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And as you can see…. The first provides requirements
using the Masco prioritization.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 正如你所看到的……第一个使用MoSCoW优先级排序法提供需求。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And then the traceability matrix. Our business
requirement, the pain point, the use case.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后是可追溯性矩阵。我们的业务需求、痛点、用例。

**Lipsa Mishra:** The use case scenario, persona or role. The user story
and acceptance criteria for each.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 用例场景、用户画像或角色。每个的用户故事和验收标准。

**Lipsa Mishra:** As you can see, the business requirement in the
traceability matrix.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 正如你所看到的，可追溯性矩阵中的业务需求。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Is a summarized version of the actual requirement, so
lead scoring, model implementation.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 是实际需求的摘要版本，所以潜在客户评分、模型实施。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Must implement a lead scoring model that accurately
reflects lead quality and potential value.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
必须实施一个能够准确反映潜在客户质量和潜在价值的潜在客户评分模型。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Thank you so much. I'm going to showcase, like. Uh,
from a business analyst perspective.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 非常感谢。我将从业务分析师的角度来展示。

**Lipsa Mishra:** You saw how Demon was able to record multiple
workshops, push all of them to the Capado AI, and generate all of his
use case, which is going to populate in Jira.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
你看到了Demon如何能够记录多个研讨会，将它们全部推送到Copado
AI，并生成他所有的用例，这些用例将填充到Jira中。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Now, it goes to our, you know, engineer, who's going
to create that into a pack storage.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
现在，它交给了我们的工程师，他将把它创建到一个包存储中。

**Lipsa Mishra:** To actual code. Alright, I'll be demoing, uh, Kapado
AI platform, uh, from, uh.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 转化为实际代码。好的，我将从……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Like, Salesforce kind of implementation perspective.
Um, so I have the chat already generated, because it takes quite a bit
of time to go through this, uh, but I'll just walk through the features
that are kind of highlighted here.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
比如，Salesforce的实施视角。我已经生成了聊天记录，因为要过一遍这个需要相当长的时间，但我会简单介绍一下这里突出显示的特性。

**Lipsa Mishra:** So, basically, I gave, uh, our agent a prompt to
create a user story for us and gave it.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
所以，基本上，我给了我们的智能体一个提示，让它为我们创建一个用户故事，并给了它。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Um, some of the acceptance criteria here. So it's
regarding a case that's, uh, added and reopening the case status to in
progress when a comment is added.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
这里的一些验收标准。所以这是关于一个案例，当添加评论时，案例状态会重新打开为“进行中”。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And, uh, if the case has been closed for more than 10
days, then the user cannot add a comment.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
而且，如果案例已经关闭超过10天，那么用户就不能添加评论。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, so then it wrote out the user story in the format
that I asked it, giving some acceptance criteria.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
所以它按照我要求的格式写出了用户故事，并给出了一些验收标准。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And provided some technical considerations. Then I
switched over to the build agent, which is the agent that can actually.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
并提供了一些技术考虑。然后我切换到构建智能体，这是一个可以实际。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Code, and uh… I told it to create a trigger. On the
case comment object that satisfies the requirements of the story.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
编码的智能体，我告诉它在满足故事需求的案例评论对象上创建一个触发器。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And gave it some hints on things that I don't want to
see, like debug statements. There should be some error handling, things
like that.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
并给它一些我不希望看到的提示，比如调试语句。应该有一些错误处理，诸如此类。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, and then it…. Thought quite a bit, and then it
came up with this, um….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后它……想了很久，然后想出了这个……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Trigger handler class, was it, which…. Implements our
trigger hand, like, framework, which I asked it to use.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
触发器处理程序类，是吗，它……实现了我们的触发器处理框架，我让它使用的那个。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, and it is connected to our Salesforce. Sandbox
instance to pull metadata and read it, and then we'll spit out things
that.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
它连接到我们的Salesforce沙盒实例，以提取和读取元数据，然后我们会输出一些东西。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Are essentially connected to it. So that's what it did
here.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 基本上是与之相连的。所以这就是它在这里做的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And then, uh, it implemented the appropriate methods
based on, like, a comment being inserted or updated.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后，它根据评论的插入或更新等情况，实现了相应的方法。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Things like that. And then it had, um, some logic here
to, um….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 诸如此类。然后它有一些逻辑来……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, where is it? Over here. That will update the
status to reopen when the, uh, comment is added.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
它在哪里？在这里。当评论被添加时，它将更新状态为“重新打开”。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, then in the area added the error… sorry, the
exception handling here.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后在这个区域添加了错误……抱歉，是异常处理。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Put some debug statement, but obviously it tells us
that we can change this to whatever.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
放了一些调试语句，但显然它告诉我们可以把它改成任何我们想要的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Framework we want. Um, and then it….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 我们想要的框架。然后它……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Made some additional changes. Uh, without me prompting
it.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 做了一些额外的改动。在我没有提示的情况下。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And then it implemented, uh, the trigger…. Over here,
so that's the trigger that says….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后它实现了……触发器……在这里，所以那个触发器说……

**Lipsa Mishra:** You know, before insert, after insert, whatever. Run
the handler class, or run the logic that it previously wrote.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
你知道，在插入之前，插入之后，等等。运行处理程序类，或者运行它之前编写的逻辑。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Um… and add some comments here, and then, uh, I asked
it to write a test class, which is essentially a unit test for the code
that it generated.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
在这里添加一些注释，然后，我让它编写一个测试类，这基本上是它生成的代码的单元测试。

**Lipsa Mishra:** I told her that it should run as a portal user, so
essentially run as a customer to make sure that all the security stuff
works.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
我告诉它应该以门户用户的身份运行，所以基本上是以客户的身份运行，以确保所有的安全措施都有效。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And it should assert that things happen the way that
they should.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 并且它应该断言事情按照它们应该的方式发生。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, so then that's what it did, so…. And created this
test class. It has this setup method where it inserts test data, creates
the portal user.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
所以它就是这么做的……并创建了这个测试类。它有一个设置方法，可以插入测试数据，创建门户用户。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And then it has the unit test, uh, for each, you know,
different scenario.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后它有针对每个不同场景的单元测试。

**Lipsa Mishra:** It has the asserts as well to make sure that the data
is.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 它也有断言，以确保数据是。

**Lipsa Mishra:** As it should after the test has run. Um, and then….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 测试运行后应该的样子。然后……

**Lipsa Mishra:** And it made some updates. To the trigger handler
class.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 它做了一些更新。对触发器处理程序类。

**Lipsa Mishra:** For some reason. Uh, but anyways…. Uh, then after
that, I switched to the test agent.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 出于某种原因。但总之……在那之后，我切换到了测试智能体。

**Lipsa Mishra:** To, um….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 为了……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Ask it to create some testing scenarios for manual
testing.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 让它为手动测试创建一些测试场景。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Um, and I told it to include detailed test steps,
including the object and field references in Salesforce.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
我告诉它要包含详细的测试步骤，包括Salesforce中的对象和字段引用。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Um, including any buttons or the pages that the user
needs to go to, so that it's very specific to Salesforce.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
包括用户需要去的任何按钮或页面，这样它就非常特定于Salesforce。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And then it generated the positive and negative test
cases, um, based on this user story.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后它根据这个用户故事生成了正面和负面的测试用例。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Uh, you know, talks about, you know, logging into
Salesforce, going to the case tab, and things like that, so, um….

**Lipsa Mishra:**
你知道，谈论登录Salesforce，转到案例选项卡，诸如此类的事情，所以……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Yeah, so generated that. And then I have another chat
here to just….

**Lipsa Mishra:**
是的，所以生成了那个。然后我这里还有另一个聊天，只是为了……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Demonstrate another one, which is the release agent,
and the release agent is the one that can essentially write release
notes for us.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
演示另一个，就是发布智能体，发布智能体基本上可以为我们编写发布说明。

**Lipsa Mishra:** So….

**Lipsa Mishra:** 所以……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Sorry, come on.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 抱歉，来吧。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Ah, yes, submissive there. Yeah, so it's connected to
our Kapado instance, which stores all of our.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
啊，是的，那里很顺从。是的，所以它连接到我们的Copado实例，那里存储了我们所有的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Stories that are deployed, so I asked it for a
release.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 部署的故事，所以我向它请求一个发布。

**Lipsa Mishra:** This release name, what was released. And then it's,
um, you know.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 这个发布名称，发布了什么。然后它，你知道的。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Check those user stories and looked at the
descriptions and things like that, and then came up with this, uh….

**Lipsa Mishra:**
检查了那些用户故事，看了描述之类的东西，然后想出了这个……

**Lipsa Mishra:** Is for this notes. Thank you. Thank you.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 是为了这个笔记。谢谢你。谢谢你。

**Lipsa Mishra:** I'm going to summarize what my teammates just
presented now. So we… we saw that how we used a plan agent to create our
requirements.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
我现在要总结一下我的队友们刚才展示的内容。我们……我们看到了我们如何使用一个计划智能体来创建我们的需求。

**Lipsa Mishra:** And then, you know, create the user stories out of it.

**Lipsa Mishra:** 然后，你知道，从中创建用户故事。

**Lipsa Mishra:** When we used our build agent to design, to create our
code with test cases, so there is quality from day one, very faster
delivery, really good quality documentation, and then we saw how we can
use a test agent.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
当我们使用我们的构建智能体来设计、创建带有测试用例的代码时，从第一天起就有了质量，交付速度非常快，文档质量非常好，然后我们看到了如何使用测试智能体。

**Lipsa Mishra:** To test what we have coded is our, you know, scenarios
all included with positive scenarios, negative scenarios, any kind of
edge case scenarios, making sure our quality is really good. And then we
used our deploy agents to make sure it goes to live. We have release
agents.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
来测试我们编码的内容，包括所有正面场景、负面场景、任何边缘情况场景，确保我们的质量非常好。然后我们使用我们的部署智能体来确保它上线。我们有发布智能体。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Which kinds of creative or release notes. So what I
want to say is, like, AI agents are like our superpower sidekicks.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
哪种创意或发布说明。所以我想说的是，AI智能体就像我们的超级英雄搭档。

**Lipsa Mishra:** We don't have to go, like, day one, let's go be the
AI, SLDSC, no processes. We can go with baby steps, like, what is the
biggest pain points that we have right now? Is it writing the code
documentation? Is it creation of a user stories?

**Lipsa Mishra:**
我们不必第一天就说，让我们成为AI，SLDSC（软件开发生命周期），没有流程。我们可以从小步开始，比如，我们现在最大的痛点是什么？是编写代码文档吗？是创建用户故事吗？

**Lipsa Mishra:** Is it creation of your release notes? Maybe start with
that, and then we are just trying to see how we can use all of these
different agents.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
是创建你的发布说明吗？也许从那开始，然后我们只是想看看我们如何能使用所有这些不同的智能体。

**Lipsa Mishra:** To make our life more efficient, and make sure that we
can focus on solving more difficult problems.

**Lipsa Mishra:**
让我们的生活更高效，并确保我们能专注于解决更困难的问题。

**Lipsa Mishra:** Any questions, team?

**Lipsa Mishra:** 团队有什么问题吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thank you so much, Lipsa. We do have a couple of
questions and comments in the chat, and Anna, Shaila, and Catherine.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
非常感谢你，Lipsa。我们在聊天中确实有几个问题和评论，还有Anna、Shaila和Catherine。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Have been very gracious to answer them for you,
so do take a look when you are… when you're, uh, able to, and answer to
some of them.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
已经非常慷慨地为你回答了，所以当你有空的时候，请看看并回答其中一些问题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, we are going to thank you for your
contribution, and we really do appreciate you sharing this with us.
It's, uh, it's been a really interesting use case. It has a lot of
comments and a lot of… a lot of activity around it in the chat.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们要感谢你的贡献，我们真的非常感谢你与我们分享这个。这是一个非常有趣的用例。它在聊天中有很多评论和很多……很多活动。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thank you so much. Appreciate it.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 非常感谢。很感激。

**Marina Stojanovic:** All right, we have a couple of minutes to, to,
um, ask the next question. Actually, is, uh, is Julia set to go in
Raqqa?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
好的，我们有几分钟时间来问下一个问题。实际上，Julia准备好去拉卡了吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** We can ask this, uh, another time. We want to
make sure we stay on track.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们可以下次再问这个问题。我们想确保我们按计划进行。

**Raka Dhar:** Gotcha.

**Raka Dhar:** 明白了。

**Julia Groza:** Yep, we're good to go.

**Julia Groza:** 是的，我们准备好了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Perfect. All right, so we'll put it over to Julia
and to Raka. We're looking forward to your use case, and you take it
away.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
完美。好的，那么我们把话筒交给Julia和Raka。我们期待你们的用例，请开始吧。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thanks so much.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 非常感谢。

### 用例10：Raka Dhar & Julia Groza - AI驱动的元数据生成器

**Raka Dhar:** So, uh, Julia, if you could start up.

**Raka Dhar:** 那么，Julia，如果你能开始的话。

**Raka Dhar:** Hi, everyone! Good afternoon. I am Raka. And along with
Julia from engineering, uh, Ben and Tom Zorg, we're excited to walk you
through.

**Raka Dhar:** 大家好！下午好。我是Raka。我和工程部的Julia，以及Ben和Tom
Zorg，很高兴能带大家了解。

**Raka Dhar:** A tool which we have built. And named by ourselves an
AI-powered metadata generator.

**Raka Dhar:** 我们构建的一个工具，我们自己命名为AI驱动的元数据生成器。

**Raka Dhar:** Now, it sounds scary, but let me simplify it a bit.

**Raka Dhar:** 现在，这听起来可能有点吓人，但让我稍微简化一下。

**Raka Dhar:** Metadata is how. Your AI knows it's reading patient
records.

**Raka Dhar:** 元数据是你的AI知道它正在阅读病人记录的方式。

**Raka Dhar:** And not pizza orders. Think of metadata as the LinkedIn
profile for your data, where it's from.

**Raka Dhar:**
而不是披萨订单。把元数据想象成你数据的LinkedIn个人资料，它来自哪里。

**Raka Dhar:** What it does, and who to call. Today, we will show you
how our tool.

**Raka Dhar:**
它做什么，以及该联系谁。今天，我们将向你展示我们的工具如何。

**Raka Dhar:** Automates metadata generation. Helping streamline
governance, boost.

**Raka Dhar:** 自动化元数据生成。帮助简化治理，提升。

**Raka Dhar:** Transparency, and…. Fast-track our organization's AI
readiness.

**Raka Dhar:** 透明度，并……加速我们组织的AI准备工作。

**Raka Dhar:** This work right now is in pilot phase for easier
understanding, especially for our non-technical audience. We have shared
some key terms and definitions in the chat.

**Raka Dhar:**
这项工作目前处于试点阶段，为了更容易理解，特别是对于我们的非技术观众。我们在聊天中分享了一些关键术语和定义。

**Raka Dhar:** To follow more comfortably. Now, foiling trusted AI with
governed, metadata-rich data.

**Raka Dhar:**
以便更舒适地跟上。现在，用受治理的、富含元数据的数据来支持可信的AI。

**Raka Dhar:** Metadata is one of the building blocks. For data
governance. In an AI-driven world, your first step is not modeling or
building gen AI, it's cleaning up your data closet.

**Raka Dhar:**
元数据是数据治理的基石之一。在AI驱动的世界里，你的第一步不是建模或构建生成式AI，而是清理你的数据仓库。

**Raka Dhar:** To build any intelligent. System. Especially….

**Raka Dhar:** 来构建任何智能系统。特别是……

**Raka Dhar:** Uh, AI-enabled, responsible application, we need a strong
foundation. That starts with data governance.

**Raka Dhar:**
AI赋能的、负责任的应用程序，我们需要一个坚实的基础。这始于数据治理。

**Raka Dhar:** Ensuring data is secure, well-managed, trustworthy across
the organization. You cannot have intelligent, responsible AI without
intelligent data.

**Raka Dhar:**
确保数据在整个组织内是安全的、管理良好的、值得信赖的。没有智能的数据，就不可能有智能的、负责任的AI。

**Raka Dhar:** Governance is your AI's personal trainer. At the heart of
governance is metadata.

**Raka Dhar:** 治理是你AI的私人教练。治理的核心是元数据。

**Raka Dhar:** It provides the context, what your data means, where it
came from, who owns it, and how it should be used.

**Raka Dhar:**
它提供了上下文，你的数据意味着什么，它来自哪里，谁拥有它，以及应该如何使用它。

**Raka Dhar:** To simplify it. Think of metadata as the GPS for your
data.

**Raka Dhar:** 简单来说，把元数据想象成你数据的GPS。

**Raka Dhar:** Without it, your AI is just driving blind. Is like
subtitles for your data.

**Raka Dhar:** 没有它，你的AI就像在盲目驾驶。它就像你数据的字幕。

**Raka Dhar:** It helps everyone understand the story, no matter their
role. And remember, if AI is the engine.

**Raka Dhar:**
它帮助每个人理解故事，无论他们的角色是什么。记住，如果AI是引擎。

**Raka Dhar:** The data governance is the oil. Skip it, and you are
heading for a disaster.

**Raka Dhar:** 数据治理就是机油。跳过它，你就会走向灾难。

**Raka Dhar:** That's exactly where our tool. Metadata generator comes
in, because even the smartest AI cannot go far without a good GPS.

**Raka Dhar:**
这正是我们的工具——元数据生成器——发挥作用的地方，因为即使是最聪明的AI，没有一个好的GPS也走不远。

**Raka Dhar:** So far, I have talked about the importance of data
governance.

**Raka Dhar:** 到目前为止，我谈到了数据治理的重要性。

**Raka Dhar:** And metadata. Now, let's look into this slide. What our
tool does.

**Raka Dhar:** 和元数据。现在，让我们看看这张幻灯片。我们的工具做什么。

**Raka Dhar:** We have built this using Azure-hosted GPT-4. With
enterprise authentication, which makes it flexible enough to work.

**Raka Dhar:**
我们使用Azure托管的GPT-4构建了这个。通过企业认证，使其足够灵活，可以工作。

**Raka Dhar:** Not just with SQL-based system. But also with non-SQL
data sources. One of the key features of our tool is data lineage.

**Raka Dhar:**
不仅与基于SQL的系统，也与非SQL数据源。我们工具的一个关键特性是数据血缘（data
lineage：追踪数据从源头到最终目的地的整个生命周期）。

**Raka Dhar:** It shows how data flows, transforms, and connects across
systems. Think of it as Google Maps.

**Raka Dhar:**
它显示了数据如何在系统间流动、转换和连接。把它想象成谷歌地图。

**Raka Dhar:** For your data pipeline, giving you visibility from source
to destination, and every stop in between.

**Raka Dhar:**
为你的数据管道提供从源头到目的地的可见性，以及中间的每一个站点。

**Raka Dhar:** Now, let's focus on our features. We have, uh, we use AI.

**Raka Dhar:** 现在，让我们关注我们的特性。我们有……我们使用AI。

**Raka Dhar:** To automatically generate plain language descriptions.
For tables, views.

**Raka Dhar:** 自动生成纯语言描述。用于表格、视图。

**Raka Dhar:** And store procedures. This helps breach the gap between
technical metadata.

**Raka Dhar:** 和存储过程。这有助于弥合技术元数据之间的差距。

**Raka Dhar:** And business understanding. Second, we have visualized
data lineage. So that users can see how data flows transform across
system.

**Raka Dhar:**
和业务理解。其次，我们可视化了数据血缘。这样用户就能看到数据流如何在系统间转换。

**Raka Dhar:** We added business contacts. Such as suggested data
quality improvement.

**Raka Dhar:** 我们添加了业务联系人。例如建议的数据质量改进。

**Raka Dhar:** Business term mapping, PHI tagging. To make the metadata
actually useful.

**Raka Dhar:**
业务术语映射，PHI（受保护的健康信息）标记。使元数据真正有用。

**Raka Dhar:** Finally, we offer export options in both JSON and
Markdown. Making it easier to integrate with any tools, documentation,
or data catalog.

**Raka Dhar:**
最后，我们提供JSON和Markdown两种导出选项。使其更容易与任何工具、文档或数据目录集成。

**Raka Dhar:** And all of these features combined. Create a highly
usable, flexible, and intelligent metadata solution.

**Raka Dhar:**
所有这些特性结合起来，创造了一个高度可用、灵活和智能的元数据解决方案。

**Raka Dhar:** Ready for AI governance at scale. Now, my colleague,
Julia, will walk you through.

**Raka Dhar:** 为大规模的AI治理做好准备。现在，我的同事Julia将带你了解。

**Raka Dhar:** How our team previously analyzed metadata. To establish
data lineage.

**Raka Dhar:** 我们的团队以前如何分析元数据来建立数据血缘。

**Raka Dhar:** Followed by a live demonstration of the tool.

**Raka Dhar:** 随后是该工具的现场演示。

**Julia Groza:** Thanks, Raka. So, our team works on a product called
Performance Insights.

**Julia Groza:**
谢谢，Raka。我们的团队正在开发一个名为“性能洞察”的产品。

**Julia Groza:** Which generates analytics for skilled nursing
facilities. Using complex, data-intensive processes.

**Julia Groza:**
它为专业护理机构生成分析报告，使用复杂、数据密集型的流程。

**Julia Groza:** Now, developers working on this product often need to
understand the precise flow of data.

**Julia Groza:** 现在，开发这个产品的开发人员经常需要理解精确的数据流。

**Julia Groza:** By tracing the inputs and outputs for each data table
or stored procedure.

**Julia Groza:** 通过追踪每个数据表或存储过程的输入和输出。

**Julia Groza:** Now, we have high-level documentation of our data flow
process. But before having this tool, it used to be unrealistic to have
detailed step-by-step documentation for every single object.

**Julia Groza:**
现在，我们有我们数据流过程的高层文档。但在拥有这个工具之前，为每一个对象都提供详细的、一步一步的文档是不现实的。

**Julia Groza:** Mapping this data flow can take a developer up to half
a day, costing the company as much as \$1,000 each time.

**Julia Groza:**
映射这个数据流可能需要一个开发人员半天的时间，每次花费公司高达1000美元。

**Julia Groza:** So this manual process highlights the need for better
tools for metadata and data flow analysis.

**Julia Groza:**
所以这个手动过程凸显了对更好的元数据和数据流分析工具的需求。

**Julia Groza:** So now we're going to demo our tool and show how we
made that process much easier.

**Julia Groza:**
所以现在我们将演示我们的工具，并展示我们如何让这个过程变得更容易。

**Julia Groza:** Welcome to the Metadata Generator tool. The first thing
that needs to be done when you're working with this tool is you have to
be connected to a database. So, I'm connected to one of the databases
that we use within our team on Insights.

**Julia Groza:**
欢迎使用元数据生成器工具。使用这个工具时，首先需要连接到数据库。我已经连接到我们团队在Insights上使用的一个数据库。

**Julia Groza:** I'm gonna go to the Database Objects tab, and this is
where all the action happens. So, I have all of the object types.

**Julia Groza:**
我要去数据库对象选项卡，这里是所有操作发生的地方。我这里有所有的对象类型。

**Julia Groza:** That are available in my database. And there's an
option to filter by object type.

**Julia Groza:** 在我的数据库中可用的。还有一个按对象类型筛选的选项。

**Julia Groza:** And I'm gonna generate metadata and talk about. The
descriptions and the data lineage, and how that's being generated within
the tool.

**Julia Groza:**
我将生成元数据并讨论描述和数据血缘，以及它们是如何在工具中生成的。

**Julia Groza:** So, as that's working, the first thing that's happening
is we're getting a plain language description.

**Julia Groza:**
所以，在它工作的时候，首先发生的是我们得到一个纯语言的描述。

**Julia Groza:** Of this object, that will give us information on the
purpose of the table, business context.

**Julia Groza:**
关于这个对象，它将为我们提供关于表的用途、业务背景的信息。

**Julia Groza:** Any relevant tags that could be used later on in
machine learning applications.

**Julia Groza:** 任何相关的标签，这些标签以后可以在机器学习应用中使用。

**Julia Groza:** And other things. So, the way we're getting this is
we're getting all the information about columns, column types.

**Julia Groza:**
以及其他东西。我们获取这个的方式是，我们获取所有关于列、列类型的信息。

**Julia Groza:** Primary keys, foreign keys, indexes, and a little bit
of sample data from the testing environment.

**Julia Groza:** 主键、外键、索引，以及来自测试环境的一点样本数据。

**Julia Groza:** And we're providing that all in a prompt towards the
Azure AI service, and we're getting back that metadata description.

**Julia Groza:** 我们将所有这些信息以提示的形式提供给Azure
AI服务，然后我们得到那个元数据描述。

**Julia Groza:** The second thing that's happening is we're generating a
data flow diagram indicating how data is flowing into and out of this
object.

**Julia Groza:**
第二件事是，我们正在生成一个数据流图，指示数据如何流入和流出这个对象。

**Julia Groza:** You'll see that this information was already generated.
But the way this is working in our tool.

**Julia Groza:**
你会看到这个信息已经生成了。但在我们的工具中，它的工作方式是。

**Julia Groza:** Is we want to find all of the stored procedures, which
are.

**Julia Groza:** 我们想找到所有的存储过程，它们是。

**Julia Groza:** Kind of these scripts that modify data within tables.
And we want to find all those scripts that change, add, or use
information.

**Julia Groza:**
一种修改表中数据的脚本。我们想找到所有那些改变、添加或使用信息的脚本。

**Julia Groza:** In this table. These scripts might also get. Data from
other tables, so we follow all of those connections step-by-step until
we build.

**Julia Groza:**
在这个表中。这些脚本也可能从其他表中获取数据，所以我们一步一步地跟踪所有这些连接，直到我们构建。

**Julia Groza:** This network of database objects that you see here. And
this is called data lineage.

**Julia Groza:** 你在这里看到的这个数据库对象网络。这被称为数据血缘。

**Julia Groza:** And we also look at it the other way around. Not only
do we not… not only do we want to know which data flows into the object
that we selected, which is this table here.

**Julia Groza:**
我们也从另一个角度来看待它。我们不仅想知道哪些数据流入我们选择的对象，也就是这个表。

**Julia Groza:** But we also want to know. How the data from this table
is being used in other objects.

**Julia Groza:**
但我们也想知道这个表中的数据是如何在其他对象中被使用的。

**Julia Groza:** And the way the tool is doing this is it reads all of
the stored procedures, and it finds those source tables and those
destination tables and creates those connections.

**Julia Groza:**
这个工具的做法是，它读取所有的存储过程，找到那些源表和目标表，并创建那些连接。

**Julia Groza:** So, let's look through the metadata that was generated.
We can see that.

**Julia Groza:** 那么，让我们看看生成的元数据。我们可以看到。

**Julia Groza:** Here's the plain language description, kind of giving a
brief overview.

**Julia Groza:** 这是纯语言的描述，给出了一个简要的概述。

**Julia Groza:** Of the table, some business context on why this is
important, those relevant tags I was talking about.

**Julia Groza:**
关于这个表，一些关于它为什么重要的业务背景，以及我之前提到的那些相关标签。

**Julia Groza:** Some data quality checks, and some insights on the
lineage, and some data privacy considerations.

**Julia Groza:**
一些数据质量检查，一些关于血缘的洞察，以及一些数据隐私考虑。

**Julia Groza:** In this lineage graph, it's a little bit small right
now, but I can go back to….

**Julia Groza:** 在这个血缘图中，现在有点小，但我可以回到……

**Julia Groza:** This metadata browser, which shows us. The metadata in
a larger.

**Julia Groza:** 这个元数据浏览器，它向我们展示了更大范围内的元数据。

**Julia Groza:** Context…. Here we go. So this is the same metadata that
we just generated.

**Julia Groza:** 上下文……好了。所以这和我们刚才生成的元数据是一样的。

**Julia Groza:** This will just load in a second. So, here we go.

**Julia Groza:** 这马上就会加载。好了。

**Julia Groza:** So, our selected object is in purple. And our source
tables are in green, and our destination tables are in red.

**Julia Groza:**
所以，我们选择的对象是紫色的。我们的源表是绿色的，我们的目标表是红色的。

**Julia Groza:** And our stored procedures. Or those scripts are in
orange.

**Julia Groza:** 我们的存储过程，或者说那些脚本，是橙色的。

**Julia Groza:** And you can see how data is flowing from this table.

**Julia Groza:** 你可以看到数据是如何从这个表中流出的。

**Julia Groza:** Into this table, and how this table is being used in
all of these destination tables.

**Julia Groza:**
进入这个表，以及这个表是如何在所有这些目标表中被使用的。

**Julia Groza:** And you can start to see how this could take a
developer a really long time to do, but is super quick with our tool.

**Julia Groza:**
你可以开始看到，这可能需要一个开发人员很长时间才能完成，但用我们的工具就超级快。

**Julia Groza:** Now, you might be thinking, how did the tool do this so
quickly? How did it read all these stored procedures and all these
database objects and get that information?

**Julia Groza:**
现在，你可能会想，这个工具怎么能这么快地完成这个？它是如何读取所有这些存储过程和所有这些数据库对象并获取这些信息的？

**Julia Groza:** So when I first started this application and ran it,
there was a background process that was occurring that was reading.

**Julia Groza:**
所以当我第一次启动并运行这个应用程序时，有一个后台进程正在发生，它正在读取。

**Julia Groza:** All of these stored procedure objects. And extracting
the source and destination tables using AI.

**Julia Groza:** 所有这些存储过程对象。并使用AI提取源表和目标表。

**Julia Groza:** And we store all of that information. In our database.
So something really important about this tool is that everything that's
AI-generated.

**Julia Groza:**
我们存储所有这些信息。在我们的数据库中。所以关于这个工具，非常重要的一点是，所有AI生成的东西。

**Julia Groza:** Is then saved in our database. We do this because
excessive calls to the AI service can become time-consuming and costly.
So.

**Julia Groza:**
然后被保存在我们的数据库中。我们这样做是因为对AI服务的过多调用可能会变得耗时且昂贵。所以。

**Julia Groza:** An AI response is only generated once per object, and
then it's reused every time thereafter, because we can have many people.

**Julia Groza:**
每个对象只生成一次AI响应，之后每次都会重复使用，因为我们可以有很多人。

**Julia Groza:** Generating metadata descriptions for the same objects,
and we don't want to make repeated calls.

**Julia Groza:** 为相同的对象生成元数据描述，我们不想进行重复调用。

**Julia Groza:** So you can see that that's indicated by this flag here,
that this metadata is up-to-date.

**Julia Groza:**
所以你可以看到，这里的这个标志表明，这个元数据是最新的。

**Julia Groza:** No regeneration needed. If the database object was
updated, this would be.

**Julia Groza:** 无需重新生成。如果数据库对象被更新，这将是。

**Julia Groza:** Warning you that you should probably regenerate the
metadata. Another thing that I want to share is….

**Julia Groza:** 警告你可能应该重新生成元数据。另一件我想分享的是……

**Julia Groza:** Our…. Ai model specifically looks at column names to
see.

**Julia Groza:** 我们的……AI模型专门查看列名来判断。

**Julia Groza:** If any… there's any PHI, potentially, in these tables.
So, you can see that.

**Julia Groza:**
这些表中是否可能包含任何PHI（受保护的健康信息）。所以，你可以看到。

**Julia Groza:** I selected another table. Um, the metadata description
immediately came up, because this is also saved in the database. We
don't need to generate it again.

**Julia Groza:**
我选择了另一个表。元数据描述立即出现了，因为这也保存在数据库中。我们不需要再次生成它。

**Julia Groza:** And you can see that we might have potential PHI in the
physician first name, middle name, etc.

**Julia Groza:**
你可以看到，我们可能在医生的名字、中间名等方面有潜在的PHI。

**Julia Groza:** And the user should be aware of this. The second thing
I want to show you with this tool is our schema comparison feature.

**Julia Groza:**
用户应该意识到这一点。我想向你展示的这个工具的第二个功能是我们的模式比较功能。

**Julia Groza:** Now, the purpose of this feature is. If you're working
with multiple database objects, and you want to understand the
difference between them, whether it be structure-wise or business
context-wise.

**Julia Groza:**
现在，这个功能的目的是。如果你正在处理多个数据库对象，并且你想了解它们之间的差异，无论是结构上还是业务背景上。

**Julia Groza:** It's helpful to be able to compare them. So, I'm gonna
pick two schemas, and when I'm picking two schemas.

**Julia Groza:**
能够比较它们是很有帮助的。所以，我准备选择两个模式，当我选择两个模式时。

**Julia Groza:** The tool is finding all of the common objects between
them that can be compared.

**Julia Groza:** 该工具正在查找它们之间所有可以比较的共同对象。

**Julia Groza:** And it's doing this based on naming conventions. So, as
you can see here.

**Julia Groza:** 它是基于命名约定来做的。所以，正如你在这里看到的。

**Julia Groza:** Um, these two object names…. Are similar to each other,
except for that schema.

**Julia Groza:** 这两个对象名……彼此相似，除了那个模式。

**Julia Groza:** Name difference. So when I go ahead and compare
schemas…. This is already saved to the database as well, like I
mentioned, we save all the responses in the database.

**Julia Groza:**
名称差异。所以当我继续比较模式时……这也已经保存到数据库中了，正如我提到的，我们把所有的响应都保存在数据库中。

**Julia Groza:** We get a summary of differences on the parameters, the
objects used within this.

**Julia Groza:** 我们得到了关于参数、其中使用的对象的差异摘要。

**Julia Groza:** Particular object, any differences in logic. I'll put
columns, as well as some risks and recommendations for working with
these.

**Julia Groza:**
特定对象，任何逻辑上的差异。我会列出列，以及一些使用这些对象的风险和建议。

**Julia Groza:** Two objects. So, overall, this tool is very helpful for
developers to get better business context on database objects.

**Julia Groza:**
两个对象。所以，总的来说，这个工具对开发人员更好地了解数据库对象的业务背景非常有帮助。

**Julia Groza:** It's preparing the data, giving it relevant tags that
could be used later on in those machine learning applications.

**Julia Groza:**
它正在准备数据，给它相关的标签，这些标签以后可以在那些机器学习应用中使用。

**Julia Groza:** And the most important thing is it's developing that
data lineage and showing that data flow.

**Julia Groza:** 最重要的是，它正在开发数据血缘并展示数据流。

**Julia Groza:** Which is imperative when you're building on top of or
modifying your data flow transformation.

**Julia Groza:** 当你在构建或修改你的数据流转换时，这是至关重要的。

**Julia Groza:** Welcome to….

**Julia Groza:** 欢迎来到……

**Julia Groza:** Okay. Uh, so…. Based on the database that was demoed in
that video, which is specific to.

**Julia Groza:** 好的。所以……基于那个视频中演示的数据库，它是特定于。

**Julia Groza:** Our product, Performance Insights. Um, that database
has roughly 1,000 database objects.

**Julia Groza:**
我们的产品，性能洞察。那个数据库大约有1000个数据库对象。

**Julia Groza:** So, this tool has the potential to save. 250 to 4,000
hours in developer time.

**Julia Groza:** 所以，这个工具有潜力节省250到4000小时的开发人员时间。

**Julia Groza:** And \$60,000 to a million dollars in cost savings. And
again, this is just for one database for insights alone.

**Julia Groza:**
并节省6万到100万美元的成本。再次强调，这仅仅是针对一个洞察数据库。

**Julia Groza:** So, our goal with this tool is to make this tool
available to all engineering teams.

**Julia Groza:**
所以，我们这个工具的目标是让所有工程团队都能使用这个工具。

**Julia Groza:** For their respective databases. So everyone can benefit
from the same time and cost savings.

**Julia Groza:**
为他们各自的数据库。这样每个人都能从同样的时间和成本节省中受益。

**Julia Groza:** Uh, and for our non-engineering teams, we hope we
provided another example that you can take away from this symposium.

**Julia Groza:**
对于我们的非工程团队，我们希望我们提供了另一个例子，你们可以从这次研讨会中带走。

**Julia Groza:** On how to break down complex, repetitive workflows. And
use AI for well-defined steps along the way.

**Julia Groza:**
关于如何分解复杂、重复的工作流程，并在过程中使用AI来完成定义明确的步骤。

**Julia Groza:** Now, we have several planned enhancements to make this
tool even more valuable.

**Julia Groza:**
现在，我们有几个计划中的增强功能，以使这个工具更有价值。

**Julia Groza:** The first one is that we want to increase the
granularity of that data lineage graph.

**Julia Groza:** 第一个是，我们想增加那个数据血缘图的粒度。

**Julia Groza:** So right now, it's tracking the data flow across
tables. But we want to make it track the data flow across columns. So
this is going to give developers better visibility into how changes to
individual columns.

**Julia Groza:**
所以现在，它正在跟踪跨表的数据流。但我们想让它跟踪跨列的数据流。这将让开发人员更好地了解单个列的更改如何。

**Julia Groza:** Can impact the entire system. Next, we want to improve
our metadata itself.

**Julia Groza:** 影响整个系统。接下来，我们想改进我们的元数据本身。

**Julia Groza:** And divide it into business, technical, and operational
metadata. So it's more actionable for different types of users.

**Julia Groza:**
并将其分为业务、技术和运营元数据。这样对不同类型的用户来说更具可操作性。

**Julia Groza:** And finally, we want to expand even the reach of this
tool beyond databases.

**Julia Groza:** 最后，我们甚至想将这个工具的范围扩展到数据库之外。

**Julia Groza:** We'd love for this tool to be able to document the data
flow for any kind of repository that has some kind of data flow, which
is a lot of repositories.

**Julia Groza:**
我们希望这个工具能够为任何有数据流的知识库记录数据流，而这样的知识库有很多。

**Julia Groza:** When it comes to responsible AI. The most important
part of our project is that we're saving every AI-generated result.

**Julia Groza:**
当谈到负责任的AI时。我们项目最重要的部分是，我们保存每一个AI生成的结果。

**Julia Groza:** With timestamps, enabling full review and auditability.
And when we do prompt the Azure AI service, we're creating highly
specific, context-rich prompts.

**Julia Groza:** 带有时间戳，实现全面的审查和可审计性。当我们提示Azure
AI服务时，我们正在创建高度具体、上下文丰富的提示。

**Julia Groza:** With standardized inputs and standardized outputs,
allowing us to control the generated response as much as we can.

**Julia Groza:**
通过标准化的输入和标准化的输出，让我们能尽可能地控制生成的响应。

**Julia Groza:** But most of the logic in this tool is handled by
deterministic code that us as developers can review.

**Julia Groza:**
但这个工具中的大部分逻辑是由我们作为开发人员可以审查的确定性代码处理的。

**Julia Groza:** So, after completing this project, we have two key
takeaways. One is that AI is most effective when you have a strong
understanding of what it's generating.

**Julia Groza:**
所以，在完成这个项目后，我们有两个关键的收获。一个是，当你对AI生成的内容有深刻的理解时，AI是最有效的。

**Julia Groza:** It's easy to rely on AI suggestions without grasping
the underlying libraries in your code, for example.

**Julia Groza:** 很容易依赖AI的建议，而没有掌握你代码中底层的库，例如。

**Julia Groza:** But we found that reviewing documentation and then
guiding the AI ultimately saved us more time than prompting it without
sufficient context.

**Julia Groza:**
但我们发现，审查文档然后指导AI，最终比在没有足够上下文的情况下提示它节省了我们更多的时间。

**Julia Groza:** And lastly, I keep talking about this point, but we
found that AI works best for small, well-defined tasks, because it
allows us to maintain control.

**Julia Groza:**
最后，我一直在谈论这一点，但我们发现AI最适合处理小的、定义明确的任务，因为它让我们能保持控制。

**Julia Groza:** And validate results as we go. So, thank you so much
for attending this demo, and thank you to the AI Symposium team for
giving us the opportunity to share this with all of you.

**Julia Groza:**
并在过程中验证结果。所以，非常感谢你们参加这次演示，也感谢AI研讨会团队给我们机会与大家分享这个。

**Julia Groza:** And we can take any other questions that you have.
Thank you.

**Julia Groza:** 我们可以回答你们提出的任何其他问题。谢谢。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Amazing, Raka and Julie, I appreciate it. I do
have two chat questions, sorry, Q&A questions that have come in.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了，Raka和Julie，我很感激。我确实收到了两个聊天问题，抱歉，是问答问题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, one of them is how much effort did it take to
build this?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 其中一个是，构建这个花了多少精力？

**Julia Groza:** Yeah, so… oh, sorry, go ahead, Rocco.

**Julia Groza:** 是的，所以……哦，抱歉，请讲，Rocco。

**Raka Dhar:** So…. Not… not that much.

**Raka Dhar:** 所以……不……没那么多。

**Raka Dhar:** In the… when we started, I started it on some Saturdays
and Sundays, and almost all of the structures are built.

**Raka Dhar:**
在……当我们开始时，我是在一些周六和周日开始的，几乎所有的结构都建好了。

**Raka Dhar:** Because we leveraged AI. But the moment the complexity
starts, when we started including the graph modules and all.

**Raka Dhar:**
因为我们利用了AI。但当复杂性开始出现，当我们开始包含图形模块等等时。

**Raka Dhar:** And then, uh, Julia, would you like to share those
inputs, findings of how we have to learn the modules about the graph,
and how we improved?

**Raka Dhar:**
然后，Julia，你愿意分享那些输入、关于我们如何学习图形模块的发现，以及我们如何改进的吗？

**Raka Dhar:** On that.

**Raka Dhar:** 在那方面。

**Julia Groza:** Yeah, yeah, so I kind of mentioned how. There's some
technologies, like the visualization tool. It uses a specific library.

**Julia Groza:**
是的，是的，所以我提到了如何。有一些技术，比如可视化工具。它使用一个特定的库。

**Julia Groza:** And it's… it's valuable to be able to understand that
documentation first, so there's a little bit of time spent towards that.

**Julia Groza:**
能够先理解那个文档是很有价值的，所以在这方面花了一点时间。

**Julia Groza:** But once you do understand that, you're able to prompt
much more effectively, so….

**Julia Groza:** 但一旦你理解了，你就能更有效地提示，所以……

**Julia Groza:** Uh, yeah, I would say AI was super helpful and
minimized development time significantly.

**Julia Groza:** 是的，我想说AI非常有帮助，并显著减少了开发时间。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome, appreciate that. Last question is, when
will the database metadata generator be available?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了，感谢。最后一个问题是，数据库元数据生成器什么时候可用？

**Raka Dhar:** We will talk to our director, and then….

**Raka Dhar:** 我们会和我们的主管谈谈，然后……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome. Yeah, no, that's awesome. And we
encourage all of you who are curious about this use case and how to
apply this in your day-to-day, to reach out directly to Julia and Raka
and connect with them, and talk more. I'm sure that they would love to
hear from you and talk about.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。是的，不，那太棒了。我们鼓励所有对这个用例以及如何将其应用到日常工作中感到好奇的人，直接联系Julia和Raka，与他们建立联系，并进行更多的交流。我相信他们会很乐意听到你的声音并谈论。

**Marina Stojanovic:** This use case. Over to you, Keki.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 这个用例。交给你了，Keki。

### 主持人互动：AI扮演名人角色

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Thank you. So once again, Draca and Julia, thank
you for that outstanding, amazing use case. I do hope that you take a
few minutes to read all the compliments you got in the chat.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
谢谢你。再次感谢Draca和Julia，那个出色、惊人的用例。我真的希望你们能花几分钟时间阅读聊天中收到的所有赞美。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, and why we wait for our next presenter. Here's
your chance to be coached by your favorite celebrity.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
在我们等待下一位演讲者的时候。这是你被你最喜欢的名人指导的机会。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So this is what we're going to do. Please open
Copilot in a web browser and enter the following prompt. It's a really
simple prompt, and you can customize it the way you like.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我们准备这么做。请在网页浏览器中打开Copilot并输入以下提示。这是一个非常简单的提示，你可以根据自己的喜好进行定制。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Ask Copilot to act as a celebrity and give you
advice on a specific topic. You can pick any celebrity, any topic you
like.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
让Copilot扮演一个名人，就一个特定主题给你建议。你可以选择任何名人，任何你喜欢的主题。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And then drop your responses in the chat! Marina,
did you get a chance to try this out?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 然后把你的回应放到聊天里！Marina，你试过这个吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Actually, I did not, so I was just about to go
along with you and act as Rodney Dangerfield.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 实际上，我没有，所以我正准备和你一起，扮演Rodney
Dangerfield。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I don't.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我不。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Now, who knows who Rodney Dangerfield is? Uh, and
give me some advice on disc golf.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 现在，谁知道Rodney
Dangerfield是谁？给我一些关于飞盘高尔夫的建议。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Anyone else got any responses?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 还有人有回应吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Maybe in the meanwhile, yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 或许与此同时，是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Apparently. Apparently, he gets no respects. The
last time he tried to drive, the disc turned around and hit him!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
显然。显然，他得不到任何尊重。上次他试图开球，飞盘转过身来打中了他！

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh my god.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 天哪。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Let's going back to Caddyshag days. Again,
another retro movie. Any other responses in the chat?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
让我们回到《疯狂高尔夫》的时代。又是一部复古电影。聊天中还有其他回应吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Michael Caine doesn't want to help with a gold
heist. Aw, Tabitha, I'm sorry about that.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
迈克尔·凯恩不想帮忙抢劫黄金。哦，Tabitha，我很抱歉。

**Marina Stojanovic:** You'll get no respect from Copilot and using that
celebrity, none at all. Tell me about it, Sean.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
你从Copilot那里得不到任何尊重，用那个名人也一样，一点都没有。告诉我，Sean。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Carla, I won't get respect either, thanks. Oh,
Jennifer Anderson is going to give us advice on health and wellness.

**Marina Stojanovic:** Carla，我也得不到尊重，谢谢。哦，Jennifer
Anderson要给我们关于健康和保健的建议。

**Marina Stojanovic:** All right, can't wait to hear from Christine.
Kiefer Sutherland! Alright, listen, when it comes to decorating a
kitchen, you need to think like a field operative.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的，等不及听Christine的了。Kiefer
Sutherland！好的，听着，当谈到装饰厨房时，你需要像一个外勤特工一样思考。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Every detail matters. You're not just designing a
room, you're creating a command center.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
每一个细节都很重要。你不仅仅是在设计一个房间，你是在创建一个指挥中心。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Love it. Lots of celebrities are talking to you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 爱了。很多名人在和你说话。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's amazing. Oh my god, I love this. Adam Levine
on advice on tattoos?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 太棒了。天哪，我喜欢这个。Adam
Levine关于纹身的建议？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Michael Scott's advice on getting a good night's
sleep. Oh, that's amazing.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Michael Scott关于如何睡个好觉的建议。哦，那太棒了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** You gotta earn it, you gotta respect it. I love
that one.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 你得赢得它，你得尊重它。我喜欢那个。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Keep these coming. These are great! But here's my
prompt. I actually got AI to become Tony Stark, or Iron Man.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
继续发这些。这些很棒！但这是我的提示。我实际上让AI变成了托尼·斯塔克，或者说钢铁侠。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And I asked him to give me advice on AI upskilling,
and here's what I got. I wish I could do Tony Stark voice. Ai isn't
coming, it's already here, so let's not be dinosaurs about it.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我请他给我关于AI技能提升的建议，这是我得到的。我希望我能模仿托尼·斯塔克的声音。AI不是要来了，它已经在这里了，所以我们不要像恐龙一样对此无动于衷。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** This is… it does sound exactly like Tony Stark.
Learn the tech, or get left behind.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
这……听起来确实像托尼·斯塔克。学习技术，否则就会被甩在后面。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Build, break, repeat, don't just read about AI.
Tinker, use it, break it, learn from it. That's how I built my first
Iron Man suit, in a cave with a.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
构建、破坏、重复，不要只是阅读关于AI的文章。动手、使用、破坏、从中学习。我就是这样在一个山洞里，用一堆废料造出了我的第一套钢铁侠战衣。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Box full of scraps. You've got Wi-Fi and Copilot,
so no excuses.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 一箱废料。你有了Wi-Fi和Copilot，所以没有借口。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh my god, I love that! So, does anyone use this,
uh, this type of prompt? So, you know, you can use these type of prompts
for various reasons. Um, I use this very often, actually. I ask AI to
take on different roles.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
天哪，我喜欢这个！那么，有人用这种类型的提示吗？你知道，你可以出于各种原因使用这种类型的提示。实际上，我经常使用这个。我让AI扮演不同的角色。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And help me practice, uh, typically for
presentations, facilitation, etc. Um, for example, quite often, I ask
Copilot to act as a CEO and critique my presentation.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
并帮助我练习，通常是为了演讲、主持等。例如，我经常让Copilot扮演CEO的角色，来评论我的演讲。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Because then, it'll offer more targeted critique
that really aligns with the expectation of the role that you're
delivering your presentation to.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
因为那样，它会提供更有针对性的评论，真正符合你演讲对象的角色期望。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So if you haven't already, please, please try this
out. Make AI take on a few roles for you, and then critique from the
viewpoint of that role, and you'll get some really amazing responses.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
所以如果你还没试过，请务必试试。让AI为你扮演几个角色，然后从那个角色的角度进行评论，你会得到一些非常惊人的回应。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Let's go back to the chat. Let's see if there are
any other interesting responses that….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 让我们回到聊天。看看是否还有其他有趣的回应……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Her audience is sharing. Anything else from the
audience? Oh my god, act as Virat Kohli and give me advice on my cricket
batting.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
她的观众正在分享。观众还有其他什么吗？天哪，扮演Virat
Kohli，给我关于板球击球的建议。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's amazing.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 太棒了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I love it. We love Robin Williams' advice on
Robin… on fatherhood.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我喜欢。我们喜欢罗宾·威廉姆斯关于……关于父亲身份的建议。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, we have a couple of Liam Neeson, so…. Great
responses. Keep them coming, we love reading these!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们有几个连姆·尼森的，所以……很棒的回应。请继续，我们喜欢读这些！

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Wow. Wow.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 哇。哇。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Keep them coming. Yeah, and….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 继续发。是的，而且……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Oh, Lewis Hamilton! I actually know who that is,
even though it's sports!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
哦，刘易斯·汉密尔顿！我居然知道他是谁，尽管是体育界的！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Great job! Good job, Robin. All right, over to
you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 干得好！干得好，Robin。好的，交给你了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay! In the meanwhile, we can have our next
presenter queued up.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的！与此同时，我们可以让下一位演讲者准备好。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Just wondering if our next presenter is ready? Next
up, we have Syed Jordan, and Ruben.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
只是想知道我们的下一位演讲者是否准备好了？接下来，我们有Syed
Jordan和Ruben。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Wondering if you were able to join, and…. Get your
slides and share ready.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 想知道你是否能加入，并……准备好你的幻灯片和分享。

**Kate Kaplya:** Um, I believe I'm the next presenter, this is Kate. No
worries, no worries. All ready to go. It's all good, yeah, no problem.

**Kate Kaplya:**
我相信我是下一位演讲者，我是Kate。别担心，别担心。一切准备就绪。没问题，是的，没问题。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh, oh, my apologies, Kate, my agenda…. My
apologies, go ahead, yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 哦，哦，抱歉，Kate，我的议程……抱歉，请讲，是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Sorry, this is Kate.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 抱歉，我是Kate。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Go ahead.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 请讲。

### 用例11：Kate Kaplya - 利用Copilot分析实施指标

**Kate Kaplya:** All right. Sounds good. Let me go ahead and start
sharing my screen.

**Kate Kaplya:** 好的。听起来不错。我这就开始分享我的屏幕。

**Kate Kaplya:** You scared me there for a moment. I'm like, am I in the
wrong place?

**Kate Kaplya:** 你刚才吓到我了。我就想，我是不是走错地方了？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I'm so sorry about that.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我非常抱歉。

**Kate Kaplya:** No, it's okay. All good, all good. Can everyone see my
screen now?

**Kate Kaplya:**
不，没关系。一切都好，一切都好。大家现在能看到我的屏幕吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yes, we can.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，我们可以。

**Kate Kaplya:** Okay, wonderful. So, good afternoon, everyone. My name
is Kay Calia, and I'm an implementation consultant.

**Kate Kaplya:** 好的，太棒了。大家下午好。我叫Kay
Calia，是一名实施顾问。

**Kate Kaplya:** Uh, with the pharmacy and integrated medication
management team. My presentation today will be focused on leveraging
Microsoft 365 Copilot app.

**Kate Kaplya:**
我来自药房和综合药物管理团队。我今天的演讲将重点介绍如何利用Microsoft
365 Copilot应用程序。

**Kate Kaplya:** To analyze Pulse implementation clinical metrics for
facilities implementing point-click care solutions.

**Kate Kaplya:**
来分析实施PointClickCare解决方案的设施的Pulse实施临床指标。

**Kate Kaplya:** This use case is currently in the pilot stage, and
previously it's been reviewed with the consultant team, as well as I've
used it on my own projects.

**Kate Kaplya:**
这个用例目前处于试点阶段，之前已经与顾问团队进行了审查，我也在自己的项目中使用过它。

**Kate Kaplya:** So as part of the project lifecycle, consultants are
preparing a post-implementation metrics Excel dashboard.

**Kate Kaplya:**
作为项目生命周期的一部分，顾问们正在准备一个实施后指标的Excel仪表盘。

**Kate Kaplya:** Using the data pulled from production self-service
portal. Typically, this is done over a 4-week period, where we meet with
customers to review and discuss the current health status of their
database, and to identify improvements.

**Kate Kaplya:**
使用从生产自助服务门户提取的数据。通常，这会在一个为期4周的时间内完成，我们会与客户会面，审查和讨论他们数据库的当前健康状况，并确定改进之处。

**Kate Kaplya:** So, consultants spend time not only generating reports,
but also validating the data in advance to create action plans.

**Kate Kaplya:**
所以，顾问们不仅花时间生成报告，还提前验证数据以制定行动计划。

**Kate Kaplya:** And this idea came to me back in February during a
cross-functional project manager and consultant onsite.

**Kate Kaplya:**
这个想法是在二月份，在一次跨职能的项目经理和顾问现场会议上产生的。

**Kate Kaplya:** Where we discuss how AI can be incorporated into the
implementation lifecycle.

**Kate Kaplya:** 我们讨论了如何将AI融入实施生命周期。

**Kate Kaplya:** I found that I frequently spend a lot of time reviewing
the metrics report, developing personalized recommendations, and
preparing for monitoring calls.

**Kate Kaplya:**
我发现我经常花很多时间审查指标报告，制定个性化建议，并为监控电话做准备。

**Kate Kaplya:** So today, I would like to show you how Copilot can be
leveraged to extract performance indicators and generally tailored
action plans from the metrics report.

**Kate Kaplya:**
所以今天，我想向你展示如何利用Copilot从指标报告中提取性能指标并生成量身定制的行动计划。

**Kate Kaplya:** For the demonstration, I'm using a pre-built test
clinical dashboard containing data for two facilities. The dashboard
contains five different clinical workflows, which in turn contain
multiple metrics listed on the left.

**Kate Kaplya:**
为了演示，我正在使用一个预先构建的测试临床仪表盘，其中包含两个设施的数据。该仪表盘包含五个不同的临床工作流程，每个工作流程又包含左侧列出的多个指标。

**Kate Kaplya:** Displaying data over 4 weeks. One thing to note about
the dashboard is that it contains macro elements, which Copilot is
unable to analyze, so must be converted to a regular Excel workbook
before running the analysis.

**Kate Kaplya:**
显示4周的数据。关于这个仪表盘，需要注意的一点是，它包含宏元素，Copilot无法分析，所以在运行分析之前必须将其转换为常规的Excel工作簿。

**Kate Kaplya:** The demo will review how to transform a prepared
metrics report into meaningful, facility-specific improvement
strategies.

**Kate Kaplya:**
演示将回顾如何将准备好的指标报告转化为有意义的、针对特定设施的改进策略。

**Kate Kaplya:** Enhancing care quality, compliance, and operational
efficiency.

**Kate Kaplya:** 提高护理质量、合规性和运营效率。

**Kate Kaplya:** For the purpose of this demonstration, I've already
entered my prompt.

**Kate Kaplya:** 为了这次演示，我已经输入了我的提示。

**Kate Kaplya:** And I've already attached the workbook.

**Kate Kaplya:** 我已经附上了工作簿。

**Kate Kaplya:** I'm not sure what happened.

**Kate Kaplya:** 我不确定发生了什么。

**Kate Kaplya:** Get to this prompt in order for the analysis to
complete, as it can take some time, depending on the number of
facilities that you have.

**Kate Kaplya:**
为了完成分析，需要进入这个提示，因为这可能需要一些时间，具体取决于你拥有的设施数量。

**Kate Kaplya:** The number of weeks of data that you have. But you can
save your prompt, or you can type out your prompt.

**Kate Kaplya:**
你拥有的数据周数。但你可以保存你的提示，或者你可以输入你的提示。

**Kate Kaplya:** Under View Prompts within your chat. You can look at
the prompt gallery, and I've saved my prompt under your prompts.

**Kate Kaplya:**
在你的聊天中的“查看提示”下。你可以查看提示库，我把我的提示保存在了“你的提示”下。

**Kate Kaplya:** And select your specific prompt. And in this prompt,
I've outlined.

**Kate Kaplya:** 并选择你的特定提示。在这个提示中，我概述了。

**Kate Kaplya:** Um, some details about the request. So I've asked
Copilot to develop an action plan for each.

**Kate Kaplya:** 关于请求的一些细节。所以我请Copilot为每一个……

**Kate Kaplya:** Clinical workflow, um, separated by facility with
specific focus areas, next steps.

**Kate Kaplya:**
临床工作流程，按设施分开，有特定的重点领域和下一步措施。

**Kate Kaplya:** And recommended support, how-to, quick reference
guides, and other resources. And I asked Copilot to look into
point-clicker OneDrive, SharePoint site, and other workspaces.

**Kate Kaplya:**
以及推荐的支持、操作指南、快速参考指南和其他资源。我请Copilot查看PointClickCare的OneDrive、SharePoint网站和其他工作区。

**Kate Kaplya:** And this report and this analysis is based on the Pulse
Implementation Monetary Metrics document that I'm going to be attaching.

**Kate Kaplya:** 这份报告和分析是基于我将要附加的Pulse实施货币指标文件。

**Kate Kaplya:** I've also asked it to highlight promising trends for
each workflow, including multiple metrics, and also separating by
facility.

**Kate Kaplya:**
我还要求它突出显示每个工作流程的有希望的趋势，包括多个指标，并按设施分开。

**Kate Kaplya:** So although Ability sent my prompt, in order to
actually add an attachment, I would go to click here.

**Kate Kaplya:**
所以虽然Ability发送了我的提示，但为了实际添加附件，我会去点击这里。

**Kate Kaplya:** And add content. And then I can search for my specific
content.

**Kate Kaplya:** 并添加内容。然后我可以搜索我的特定内容。

**Kate Kaplya:** Or I can upload it from device or attach cloud file, so
if I typed in a workbook.

**Kate Kaplya:**
或者我可以从设备上传或附加云文件，所以如果我输入一个工作簿。

**Kate Kaplya:** I can find my workbook in here as well. But as I've
already included my document in here.

**Kate Kaplya:**
我也可以在这里找到我的工作簿。但因为我已经在这里包含了我的文档。

**Kate Kaplya:** I can go ahead and just remove the prompt. Because I've
already sent the prompt in here.

**Kate Kaplya:** 我可以继续并删除这个提示。因为我已经在这里发送了提示。

**Kate Kaplya:** And then I'll be able to review the analysis generated
by Copilot.

**Kate Kaplya:** 然后我就能审查Copilot生成的分析了。

**Kate Kaplya:** Down here, um, Copilot analyzed the report that was
uploaded and provided me with the following information.

**Kate Kaplya:** 在这里，Copilot分析了上传的报告，并为我提供了以下信息。

**Kate Kaplya:** So, it included…. The details per facility, and it also
split it up into different workflows.

**Kate Kaplya:**
所以，它包括了……每个设施的详细信息，并且还将其分成了不同的工作流程。

**Kate Kaplya:** It's outlining promising trends as requested, any focus
areas, so any areas that I've noticed maybe the numbers are higher in,
or maybe there's uncleared items, as outlined in here.

**Kate Kaplya:**
它按要求概述了有希望的趋势，任何重点领域，所以任何我注意到数字可能更高，或者可能有未清理项目的领域，都在这里概述了。

**Kate Kaplya:** Um, any next steps, as well as recommended resources.
As we can see, it's separating by those workflows, so we have
interdisciplinary admission, medication management dashboards.

**Kate Kaplya:**
任何下一步措施，以及推荐的资源。正如我们所看到的，它按那些工作流程分开，所以我们有跨学科入院、药物管理仪表盘。

**Kate Kaplya:** Orders portal, any focus areas. And then medication
management pharmacy Orders Portal, and that was for my first facility.

**Kate Kaplya:**
订单门户，任何重点领域。然后是药物管理药房订单门户，那是我第一个设施的。

**Kate Kaplya:** And then I have the same information for that second
facility.

**Kate Kaplya:** 然后我有了第二个设施的同样信息。

**Kate Kaplya:** Promise and Trends, focus areas, next steps, and then
recommended resources.

**Kate Kaplya:** 承诺与趋势、重点领域、下一步措施，然后是推荐资源。

**Kate Kaplya:** And we can scroll down. And review all of that
information that was outlined.

**Kate Kaplya:** 我们可以向下滚动，并审查所有概述的信息。

**Kate Kaplya:** Per facility, and it asked me if I want to generate a
formatted document, or if I want to create a slide deck.

**Kate Kaplya:**
每个设施，它问我是否想生成一个格式化的文档，或者是否想创建一个幻灯片。

**Kate Kaplya:** So, as you can see, this analysis allows consultants to
prepare for the metrics review call.

**Kate Kaplya:**
所以，正如你所看到的，这个分析让顾问们能够为指标审查电话会议做准备。

**Kate Kaplya:** And to, um, discuss what the facility can improve on,
or maybe to highlight any areas where a facility has been doing well, or
where a facility has been improving.

**Kate Kaplya:**
并讨论设施可以改进的地方，或者突出显示设施做得好的地方，或者设施正在改进的地方。

**Kate Kaplya:** So all of the information was already generated by
Copilot. And it also included some recommended resources, um, any
required next steps.

**Kate Kaplya:**
所以所有的信息都已经被Copilot生成了。它还包括了一些推荐的资源，以及任何需要的下一步措施。

**Kate Kaplya:** So any actions that the facility should be taking. Um,
so that information can also be shared with the facility on the call.

**Kate Kaplya:**
所以设施应该采取的任何行动。这些信息也可以在通话中与设施分享。

**Kate Kaplya:** And something that can be included in a follow-up email
or further conversation with the facility, um, those action items can be
outlined.

**Kate Kaplya:**
并且可以包含在后续邮件或与设施的进一步对话中，那些行动项可以被概述。

**Kate Kaplya:** Um, as you're discussing, um, any improvement areas or
any action items with the facility.

**Kate Kaplya:** 当你与设施讨论任何改进领域或任何行动项时。

**Kate Kaplya:** All right, so you can also request Copilot to summarize
key points for high-level overview, or to request a more detailed
breakdown for a specific workflow.

**Kate Kaplya:**
好的，所以你也可以请求Copilot总结关键点以进行高层概览，或者请求对特定工作流程进行更详细的分解。

**Kate Kaplya:** So on this slide, I included a quick visual of the
input versus analysis. So on the left, we have the clinical dashboard
metrics data, and then on the right, we have the tailored action plan
generated by Copilot.

**Kate Kaplya:**
在这张幻灯片上，我包含了一个输入与分析的快速视觉对比。左边是临床仪表盘指标数据，右边是Copilot生成的量身定制的行动计划。

**Kate Kaplya:** So why is this use case important? Um, in terms of
impact, we're looking at increased consultant efficiency when preparing
post-goal life recommendations.

**Kate Kaplya:**
那么为什么这个用例很重要呢？在影响方面，我们看到在准备实施后建议时，顾问的效率提高了。

**Kate Kaplya:** Consultants can reclaim time, saving up to 20% of an
8-hour workday when preparing metrics for four facilities daily.

**Kate Kaplya:**
顾问们可以节省时间，每天为四个设施准备指标时，可以节省高达8小时工作日的20%。

**Kate Kaplya:** We also have standardized improvement planning across
facilities, allowing for continuous workflow optimization.

**Kate Kaplya:**
我们还在所有设施中标准化了改进规划，从而实现了持续的工作流程优化。

**Kate Kaplya:** And last but not least, this empowers implementation
team with actionable insights and direct access to support materials.

**Kate Kaplya:**
最后但同样重要的是，这为实施团队提供了可操作的洞察和直接访问支持材料的途径。

**Kate Kaplya:** Leading to increased productivity and capacity to
process three times more facilities in the same amount of time.

**Kate Kaplya:** 从而提高了生产力，并能在相同时间内处理三倍多的设施。

**Kate Kaplya:** Um, in terms of lessons learned, uh, you do want to
make sure to use very specific and detailed prompts outlining what
information to analyze.

**Kate Kaplya:**
在经验教训方面，你确实要确保使用非常具体和详细的提示，概述要分析什么信息。

**Kate Kaplya:** Including, but not limited to, facility and workflow
needs names or specific metrics.

**Kate Kaplya:** 包括但不限于设施和工作流程的名称或特定指标。

**Kate Kaplya:** And, um, linking metrics to resources was also
identified as an area of improvement, um, as Copilot was unable to
extract resources directly stored within the customer support portal.
For example, it is possible to pull in smart zone eCourses, however,
that information was only pulled from the documents that were found in
Shared Workspaces.

**Kate Kaplya:**
而且，将指标与资源链接也被确定为一个改进领域，因为Copilot无法直接从客户支持门户中提取资源。例如，可以提取智能区域的电子课程，但这些信息只从共享工作区中找到的文档中提取。

**Kate Kaplya:** It also may pull personal cloud files and email
attachments from my experience.

**Kate Kaplya:** 根据我的经验，它也可能提取个人云文件和邮件附件。

**Kate Kaplya:** Um, resources and recommendations need detailed review
to confirm that they apply to the facility-specific workflows. For
example, you want to take into account differences between the skilled
nursing facility versus an assisted living facility.

**Kate Kaplya:**
资源和建议需要详细审查，以确认它们适用于特定设施的工作流程。例如，你需要考虑到专业护理机构和辅助生活机构之间的差异。

**Kate Kaplya:** Um, how it kind of help others. Uh, point-click here,
so by linking metrics to specific how-to guides and resources, AI acts
as a dynamic navigator, bridging data and resources.

**Kate Kaplya:**
它如何能帮助他人。在这里，通过将指标与特定的操作指南和资源链接起来，AI扮演了一个动态导航员的角色，连接了数据和资源。

**Kate Kaplya:** Which in turn reduces training gaps and improves
adoption. Different prompts can be utilized to access training resources
and recommendations for learning and development in customer support
teams.

**Kate Kaplya:**
这反过来又减少了培训差距并提高了采用率。可以利用不同的提示来访问培训资源和客户支持团队学习与发展的建议。

**Kate Kaplya:** And it also accelerates post-school life monitoring, so
co-pilots can automate that first layer of post-go-life review.

**Kate Kaplya:**
它还加速了实施后的监控，所以Copilot可以自动化实施后审查的第一层。

**Kate Kaplya:** Flagging trends and surfacing support materials. And
this model can be replicated across other workflows, such as billing for
implementation, customer success, and account management teams.

**Kate Kaplya:**
标记趋势并提供支持材料。这个模型可以复制到其他工作流程中，比如实施、客户成功和客户管理团队的计费。

**Kate Kaplya:** Uh, for responsible use of AI, you do want to make sure
to validate the recommendations against facility-specific nuances.

**Kate Kaplya:**
为了负责任地使用AI，你确实要确保根据特定设施的细微差别来验证建议。

**Kate Kaplya:** So you want to approve, edit, or annotate the plan
before actually sharing it with the facility.

**Kate Kaplya:**
所以在实际与设施分享之前，你想要批准、编辑或注释这个计划。

**Kate Kaplya:** And you also want to review the reference sources to
check for PHI or project data, specifically focusing on items that are
used by Copilot to generate recommendations and supporting materials.

**Kate Kaplya:**
你还想审查参考来源，以检查是否存在PHI（受保护的健康信息）或项目数据，特别关注Copilot用于生成建议和支持材料的项目。

**Kate Kaplya:** And finally, you want to refine your AI prompts or
adjust your metric thresholds based on the generate responses.

**Kate Kaplya:**
最后，你想要根据生成的响应来优化你的AI提示或调整你的指标阈值。

**Kate Kaplya:** As risk thresholds may vary from project to project.
Um, in conclusion, this use case allows to reduce the amount of time
spent on analyzing metrics to prepare for monitoring sessions.

**Kate Kaplya:**
因为风险阈值可能因项目而异。总而言之，这个用例可以减少分析指标以准备监控会议所花费的时间。

**Kate Kaplya:** Freeing up time for strategic outreach. It also shows
how AI can transform raw post-implementation data into actionable
insights.

**Kate Kaplya:**
从而腾出时间进行战略性外展。它还展示了AI如何能将原始的实施后数据转化为可操作的洞察。

**Kate Kaplya:** Um, enabling teams to make faster evidence-based
decisions without the manual analysis.

**Kate Kaplya:**
使团队能够在没有手动分析的情况下，更快地做出基于证据的决策。

**Kate Kaplya:** Which ensures more efficient reviews, improved care
outcomes, and a future-ready approach to continuous improvement.

**Kate Kaplya:**
这确保了更高效的审查、改善的护理成果，以及一个面向未来的持续改进方法。

**Kate Kaplya:** And I will now open the floor for any questions.

**Kate Kaplya:** 我现在开放提问环节。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That was such a fantastic presentation, Kate. I
can see all the chat. Lots of people are loving it, very excited to see
how they can use it in other places.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
那真是一场精彩的演讲，Kate。我能看到所有的聊天。很多人都喜欢它，非常兴奋地想看看他们如何在其他地方使用它。

**Kate Kaplya:** Thank you.

**Kate Kaplya:** 谢谢你。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** We do have one question in the Q&A, but I'm
gonna have you answer that question asynchronously, so if you just pop
in, you can respond.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我们在问答区有一个问题，但我会让你异步回答那个问题，所以你只要进去，就可以回应。

**Kate Kaplya:** Absolutely. No problem. Absolutely. I'll go ahead and
stop sharing.

**Kate Kaplya:** 当然。没问题。当然。我这就停止分享。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Just so we keep moving. But thank you so much,
Kate.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 只是为了我们能继续前进。但非常感谢你，Kate。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Thank you! Alright, let me set up my…. Okay,
perfect. Rena, if you could pop up on the screen while you wait for
today.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
谢谢你！好的，让我设置一下我的……好的，完美。Rena，如果你能在等待今天的时候出现在屏幕上。

**Kate Kaplya:** Thank you.

**Kate Kaplya:** 谢谢你。

### 主持人互动：AI解释政策

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, perfect. I'm going to drop this in. All
right, so, while we wait for our next presenters to get set up.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，完美。我把这个放进去。好的，那么，在我们等待下一位演讲者准备的时候。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I want you to use Copilot on a web browser and
enter the following prompt. I've also dropped it in the chat.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我希望你在网页浏览器上使用Copilot并输入以下提示。我也把它放到了聊天里。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Ask Copilot to explain the acceptable use
policy as if. Your 12th. Highlight key things that you need to be aware
of to ensure that you meet acceptable use, and then once you've gotten a
response, drop an emoji in the chat.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
让Copilot像对12岁的孩子一样解释可接受使用政策。突出你需要注意的关键事项，以确保你符合可接受使用，然后一旦你得到回应，在聊天中发一个表情符号。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** On your reaction for what you got. Uh, so when
I did this, I was actually really surprised. It did a really good job of
breaking down the policy and language that was really simple to
understand.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
关于你得到的回应。当我这么做的时候，我真的非常惊讶。它把政策和语言分解得非常好，非常容易理解。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** It linked it back to school, which makes sense
for our 12-year-old.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
它把它和学校联系起来，这对我们12岁的孩子来说很有意义。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, and it actually did a good job of
highlighting key things I need to bear with.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 而且它确实很好地突出了我需要注意的关键事项。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Need to be aware of. I will say that. If you're
using it for something like this, you do still want to read the policy.
You can use something like this before.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
需要注意。我想说的是。如果你用它来做这样的事情，你仍然需要阅读政策。你可以在之前使用这样的东西。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** To kind of get a primer on what the policy is
about, or even afterwards, and especially if there's a section that you
didn't quite understand, it could be a good way.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
来大致了解政策的内容，或者之后，特别是如果有一个部分你不太理解，这可能是一个好方法。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** To have it tell you from a different audience
perspective. Um, I also use similar prompts to this in my everyday.
Oftentimes, when I'm trying to learn something new.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
让它从不同的受众角度告诉你。我在日常生活中也使用类似的提示。通常，当我试图学习新东西时。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Or, if I'm trying to explain something
complicated to one of my kids.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
或者，如果我试图向我的一个孩子解释一些复杂的事情。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, who will ask me things like, well, where
does rain come from?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 他会问我一些问题，比如，雨是从哪里来的？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And I'm trying to explain it to, like, a
5-year-old, so I'll drop that into the… to, uh, Copilot to say.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我正试图向一个5岁的孩子解释，所以我会把它放到Copilot里说。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Explain it to me like I'm 5, and then I have
something that I can use for them.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
像对5岁的孩子一样给我解释，然后我就有东西可以给他们用了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So, this is kind of a fun prompt to use. You
can ask it to specify different audiences, not just ages.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
所以，这是一个有趣的提示。你可以让它指定不同的受众，而不仅仅是年龄。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Which can be really helpful if you want to get
information put for a different audience, instead of thinking of how to
do it, it'll put it in that language for you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
如果你想为不同的受众提供信息，这会非常有帮助，而不是去想怎么做，它会用那种语言为你呈现。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** All right, so I'm just gonna check to see if
our presenters are up.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 好的，我这就去看看我们的演讲者是否准备好了。

**Marina Stojanovic:** While we're gearing up the presenters, I do want
to add that.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 在我们准备演讲者的时候，我确实想补充一点。

**Marina Stojanovic:** If you are signed into a work account, so if
you're using Copilot using a work account, it'll actually pull from our
policy.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
如果你登录了工作账户，所以如果你使用工作账户的Copilot，它实际上会从我们的政策中提取信息。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, but if you are signed onto the, uh. Personal
or web version, you will get a very general response, so that makes a
difference in your.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
但如果你登录的是个人版或网页版，你会得到一个非常笼统的回应，所以这会对你的……

**Marina Stojanovic:** Uh, in your prompts.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 在你的提示中。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Thanks for flagging that, Marina. I think mine
defaults to work, but that's a really good point. You need to make sure
it's on the right one.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
谢谢你提醒，Marina。我想我的默认是工作账户，但这是一个很好的提醒。你需要确保它在正确的账户上。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, so I see that our presenters are ready now,
so I'm going to throw it over to our next use case.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我看到我们的演讲者现在已经准备好了，所以我要把话筒交给我们的下一个用例。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** This is from Say, Jordan, and Rubin from
Technical Services and Customer Support.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这是来自技术服务和客户支持部门的Say、Jordan和Rubin。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** On a data-focused co-pilot agent that they
built. Over to you three.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
关于他们构建的一个以数据为中心的Copilot智能体。交给你们三位了。

### 用例12：Syed Hasan, Jordan Bowman & Ruben Vieira - Pharmacy GPT

**Jordan Bowman:** Thank you very much.

**Jordan Bowman:** 非常感谢。

**Syed Hasan:** All right, good afternoon, everybody.

**Syed Hasan:** 好的，大家下午好。

**Syed Hasan:** All right, so, uh, I'm joined today with…. By Jordan and
Ruben, along with myself. We also wanted to….

**Syed Hasan:**
好的，今天和我一起的是Jordan和Ruben，还有我自己。我们还想……

**Syed Hasan:** And another quick shout out to Rhea and Ashley from
Technical Services, who helped us put this agent together, so….

**Syed Hasan:**
还要特别感谢技术服务部的Rhea和Ashley，他们帮助我们组建了这个智能体，所以……

**Syed Hasan:** Uh, what we've built here is called Pharmacy GPT. It's a
co-pilot agent, um, and.

**Syed Hasan:** 我们在这里构建的叫做Pharmacy
GPT。它是一个Copilot智能体，而且。

**Syed Hasan:** So let's get into it. So, essentially, the reason we
decided to work on this is.

**Syed Hasan:** 让我们开始吧。基本上，我们决定做这个的原因是。

**Syed Hasan:** Pointlink Care's product portfolios is ever-increasing,
right? New and new products coming in, more and more complex.

**Syed Hasan:**
PointClickCare的产品组合在不断增加，对吧？新的产品不断涌现，越来越复杂。

**Syed Hasan:** And as that happens, we need to ensure that everybody
across the board that is customer-facing has expert-level knowledge
available to them.

**Syed Hasan:**
随着这种情况的发生，我们需要确保所有面向客户的人员都拥有专家级的知识。

**Syed Hasan:** Um, so we picked up Pharmacy Connect, a product a lot of
us have heard about.

**Syed Hasan:** 所以我们选择了Pharmacy
Connect，一个我们很多人都听说过的产品。

**Syed Hasan:** Uh, and that's what we targeted here. So this is an AI
agent that's baked into, sorry, Microsoft Teams.

**Syed Hasan:** 这就是我们在这里的目标。这是一个嵌入到Microsoft
Teams中的AI智能体。

**Syed Hasan:** As an agent, anyone can start an instant chat with it
that have access to this. It is trained on the Pharmacy Connect feature
set.

**Syed Hasan:**
作为一个智能体，任何有权限的人都可以与它开始即时聊天。它接受了Pharmacy
Connect功能集的训练。

**Syed Hasan:** And it really access a knowledge expert, and really
makes knowledge available to everybody.

**Syed Hasan:** 它真正地接触到了知识专家，并真正地让每个人都能获得知识。

**Syed Hasan:** At their fingertips, um, and it can…. You'd be used
for….

**Syed Hasan:** 触手可及，而且它可以……你可以用它来……

**Syed Hasan:** Um, you know, just learning about the product to
understand how it works, as well as a troubleshooting resource.

**Syed Hasan:**
你知道，只是为了了解产品的工作原理，以及作为一个故障排除资源。

**Syed Hasan:** Uh, before we get into much more detail, I'll hand it
over to Ruben to go over some high-level architecture.

**Syed Hasan:**
在我们深入更多细节之前，我把话筒交给Ruben，让他介绍一些高层架构。

**Ruben Vieira:** All right, thanks, Ayed. Hi everyone, good afternoon.
Um, so I've been working on several AI agents and initiatives within
customer support, and I recently had the chance to collaborate with Syed
and the team to build.

**Ruben Vieira:**
好的，谢谢，Ayed。大家好，下午好。我一直在客户支持部门从事几个AI智能体和项目，最近我有机会与Syed和他的团队合作构建。

**Ruben Vieira:** Pharmacy GPT. Um, so let's walk through, at a really
high level, how pharmacy GBT works under the hood.

**Ruben Vieira:** Pharmacy
GPT。那么，让我们从一个非常高的层次来了解一下Pharmacy
GPT的内部工作原理。

**Ruben Vieira:** And again, emphasis on high level. I didn't want to
lose anyone on this slide. So, it really starts with part one, which is,
um.

**Ruben Vieira:**
再次强调，是高层次的。我不想在这张幻灯片上让任何人跟不上。所以，它真正从第一部分开始，那就是……

**Ruben Vieira:** With a co-pilot agent owners. So these are the people
who build and update the knowledge that powers the agent.

**Ruben Vieira:**
与Copilot智能体所有者。这些人是构建和更新驱动智能体知识的人。

**Ruben Vieira:** Uh, and while I built most of the infrastructure of
the agent.

**Ruben Vieira:** 虽然我构建了智能体的大部分基础设施。

**Ruben Vieira:** Really the major work here is from Syed and the team.

**Ruben Vieira:** 这里的主要工作实际上是Syed和他的团队完成的。

**Ruben Vieira:** To make sure that we're feeding it quality content.
Um, so that… that was a monumental task for this agent.

**Ruben Vieira:**
确保我们为它提供高质量的内容。所以……这对这个智能体来说是一项艰巨的任务。

**Ruben Vieira:** Um, so once that knowledge is curated, uh, put
together, that then gets placed into SharePoint.

**Ruben Vieira:** 所以一旦这些知识被整理、汇总，就会被放到SharePoint中。

**Ruben Vieira:** And then SharePoint… from SharePoint, it goes into
cognitive search, which is the index. So, that's what allows the agent
to very quickly.

**Ruben Vieira:**
然后SharePoint……从SharePoint，它进入认知搜索，也就是索引。所以，这就是让智能体能够非常快速地。

**Ruben Vieira:** Find relevant articles that are going to help generate
the answer that the user's looking for.

**Ruben Vieira:**
找到相关的文章，这些文章将有助于生成用户正在寻找的答案。

**Ruben Vieira:** Um, so that's really part one. And then part two is
simply.

**Ruben Vieira:** 所以这基本上是第一部分。然后第二部分很简单。

**Ruben Vieira:** The end user, who…. We've shared the pharmacy GPT
with.

**Ruben Vieira:** 最终用户，我们已经与他们分享了Pharmacy GPT。

**Ruben Vieira:** Asking questions, interacting with pharmacy GPT to get
what it needs from it.

**Ruben Vieira:** 提问，与Pharmacy GPT互动，以获取所需信息。

**Ruben Vieira:** Um, so that's where they go into pharmacy GPT, ask the
question.

**Ruben Vieira:** 所以他们就是进入Pharmacy GPT，提出问题。

**Ruben Vieira:** Then that question gets sent. To OpenAI, uh, to then
interpret what the user's asking and what the intent is.

**Ruben Vieira:** 然后那个问题被发送到OpenAI，以解释用户的提问和意图。

**Ruben Vieira:** That then gets matched to relevant contents in that
index that… where we've indexed all the knowledge articles.

**Ruben Vieira:**
然后它会与那个索引中的相关内容匹配，我们在那里索引了所有的知识文章。

**Ruben Vieira:** To then find the most relevant articles that it can
build.

**Ruben Vieira:** 然后找到最相关的文章，它可以构建。

**Ruben Vieira:** Its answer from. That then gets sent right back to the
user, um.

**Ruben Vieira:** 它的答案。然后它会立即发送回用户。

**Ruben Vieira:** Very quickly, uh, pretty much in real time. So that's
it at a very high level. I hope this gives you all a clear idea of how
maybe you can implement something similar.

**Ruben Vieira:**
非常快，几乎是实时的。所以这就是一个非常高层次的概述。我希望这能让你们清楚地了解如何可能实现类似的东西。

**Ruben Vieira:** Uh, and now back to you, Syed.

**Ruben Vieira:** 现在交给你了，Syed。

**Syed Hasan:** All right, so… so as Ruben mentioned, um….

**Syed Hasan:** 好的，所以……正如Ruben提到的……

**Syed Hasan:** Agents are really only as good as what you train them
with.

**Syed Hasan:** 智能体的优劣完全取决于你用什么来训练它们。

**Syed Hasan:** Um, so we had to really figure out a quick way of
generating.

**Syed Hasan:** 所以我们必须找到一种快速生成的方法。

**Syed Hasan:** Documentation that everybody loves, right? Documentation
is the beta of everyone's existence here. Uh, so we… we did unlock a
path here to.

**Syed Hasan:**
每个人都喜欢的文档，对吧？文档是这里每个人存在的测试版。所以我们……我们确实在这里解锁了一条通往……

**Syed Hasan:** Quick, detailed, and accurate documentation. Uh, so
essentially, what we are doing is, for every release, we identify our
deliverables.

**Syed Hasan:**
快速、详细、准确的文档。基本上，我们做的是，对于每一个发布，我们都确定我们的可交付成果。

**Syed Hasan:** And there are. We pick, uh, each feature. Do a quick 15
to 30 minute transcript on that feature.

**Syed Hasan:**
而且有。我们选择每个功能。对那个功能做一个15到30分钟的快速转录。

**Syed Hasan:** Uh, generally, you would find yourself being able to
talk through something in 15 minutes that would take you 5 hours to
type.

**Syed Hasan:**
通常，你会发现自己能在15分钟内讲完一件需要你花5个小时打字的事情。

**Syed Hasan:** So we go for our transcript, then we feed the transcript
back into Copilot and build detailed documentation out of it.

**Syed Hasan:**
所以我们去获取我们的转录稿，然后把转录稿反馈给Copilot，并从中构建详细的文档。

**Syed Hasan:** Um, so going from feature intent to feature logic to
marketing, sales talk tracks.

**Syed Hasan:** 从功能意图到功能逻辑，再到市场营销、销售话术。

**Syed Hasan:** To training checklists, internal training checklists,
external training checklists, course outlines, whatever the case may be.

**Syed Hasan:**
到培训清单、内部培训清单、外部培训清单、课程大纲，无论是什么情况。

**Syed Hasan:** We can actually get that in a matter of minutes using
Copilot. And when I talk about detailed, um.

**Syed Hasan:**
我们实际上可以在几分钟内使用Copilot得到这些。当我谈到详细的……

**Syed Hasan:** Documentation, I mean detailed documentation. These
are….

**Syed Hasan:** 文档，我指的是详细的文档。这些是……

**Syed Hasan:** 10 to 15 to 20 page documents on a single feature.

**Syed Hasan:** 关于单个功能的10到15到20页的文档。

**Syed Hasan:** Right, so it's very detailed. And complete
documentation. We then go, um, and update our data dictionary. So we had
to build data dictionaries, because while.

**Syed Hasan:**
对，所以它非常详细。而且是完整的文档。然后我们去更新我们的数据字典。所以我们必须构建数据字典，因为虽然。

**Syed Hasan:** You may have heard a lot today that. You know, your
responses are only as good as the prompt. We kind of wanted to make that
process a little bit easier for people, so that people can talk to it in
a human way.

**Syed Hasan:**
你今天可能听到了很多。你知道，你的回应只和你的提示一样好。我们想让这个过程对人们来说更容易一些，这样人们就可以用人类的方式和它交谈。

**Syed Hasan:** So we have built data dictionaries where we have
documented abbreviations or similar terms that people may use to refer
to certain things, so….

**Syed Hasan:**
所以我们构建了数据字典，在其中记录了人们可能用来指代某些事物的缩写或类似术语，所以……

**Syed Hasan:** Quick example would be a facility. Uh, depending on
which side of the market you're dealing with, they may be called skilled
nursing facilities, or they may be called assisted living facilities, or
they may simply be called homes.

**Syed Hasan:**
一个快速的例子是设施。根据你所处理的市场方面，它们可能被称为专业护理机构，或者辅助生活机构，或者可能简单地被称为家。

**Syed Hasan:** Right? Uh, so we built these data dictionaries, so we
update them if they are needed.

**Syed Hasan:**
对吧？所以我们构建了这些数据字典，如果需要的话，我们会更新它们。

**Syed Hasan:** And then we go ahead and train pharmacy GPT with that
same documentation.

**Syed Hasan:** 然后我们继续用同样的文档来训练Pharmacy GPT。

**Syed Hasan:** Um, and test it. So really, all we're doing here is
we're using AI.

**Syed Hasan:** 并测试它。所以实际上，我们在这里做的就是使用AI。

**Syed Hasan:** Degenerate content to feed back to the AI. Right? So
that's really the process here. And I'll just give you guys a quick look
into what I mean by detailed documentation. So this is just one of the
many documents that we've created.

**Syed Hasan:**
生成内容以反馈给AI。对吧？所以这才是这里的真正过程。我这就让你们快速看一下我所说的详细文档是什么意思。这只是我们创建的众多文档之一。

**Syed Hasan:** Um, you can see this is an 11-page document, a monster
of a document with… with bunch and bunch of details captured in here,
extremely knowledge-rich.

**Syed Hasan:**
你可以看到这是一个11页的文档，一个庞大的文档，里面捕捉了大量的细节，知识极其丰富。

**Syed Hasan:** Right, and this is 95% of what you see on my screen is
all co-pilot generated.

**Syed Hasan:** 对，你屏幕上看到的95%都是Copilot生成的。

**Syed Hasan:** Right, so we've got a bunch of these documents that
we've been creating, so if anybody needs any help with how we're doing
this, feel free to reach out, and we'll be more than happy to help.

**Syed Hasan:**
对，所以我们已经创建了一堆这样的文档，所以如果有人需要关于我们如何做的帮助，请随时联系，我们非常乐意提供帮助。

**Syed Hasan:** So… so as soon as we are data-focused. The big thing for
us was, how do we become responsible with our use of AI? Well, number
one, again.

**Syed Hasan:**
所以……一旦我们以数据为中心。对我们来说，最重要的事情是，我们如何能负责任地使用AI？嗯，第一，再次。

**Syed Hasan:** Ai is, yeah, it can hallucinate, so one of the things
we've done is all of our responses will always cite the source materials
that they're… that it's using.

**Syed Hasan:**
AI是，是的，它可能会产生幻觉，所以我们做的一件事是，我们所有的回应都会引用它们……它正在使用的源材料。

**Syed Hasan:** So that if it may have hallucinated, you already… you
always have access to the actual source data.

**Syed Hasan:**
这样，如果它可能产生了幻觉，你已经……你总是可以访问实际的源数据。

**Syed Hasan:** And you can just pull it up and read through the
document.

**Syed Hasan:** 你可以把它调出来，通读一遍文档。

**Syed Hasan:** Right, which kind of unlocks a weird kind of use case as
well. If anyone's gone into Confluence, it's a disaster trying to find
what you're looking for in there.

**Syed Hasan:**
对，这也解锁了一种奇怪的用例。如果有人用过Confluence（一款团队协作和知识管理软件），在那里找东西简直是一场灾难。

**Syed Hasan:** You can kind of just use the agent and say, hey, can you
just point me to any documentation about this topic? And it'll just spit
out the most relevant, most recent.

**Syed Hasan:**
你可以就用这个智能体说，嘿，你能给我指出任何关于这个主题的文档吗？它就会吐出最相关、最新的。

**Syed Hasan:** Information that the agent has been fed on. Second thing
is, when you look at very detailed documentation about how does the
logic work.

**Syed Hasan:**
智能体被喂养的信息。第二件事是，当你查看关于逻辑如何工作的非常详细的文档时。

**Syed Hasan:** You really have to make sure that your AI understands
it. So we….

**Syed Hasan:** 你真的要确保你的AI理解它。所以我们……

**Syed Hasan:** Also unlocked a really neat use case over here to
validate our documentation to ensure that our AI is reading it.

**Syed Hasan:**
在这里也解锁了一个非常巧妙的用例，来验证我们的文档，以确保我们的AI正在阅读它。

**Syed Hasan:** Properly. So I'll give you an example here. Once we
build this document, we actually just ask Copilot, hey, build me a flow
chart.

**Syed Hasan:**
正确地。我在这里给你举个例子。一旦我们构建了这个文档，我们实际上只是问Copilot，嘿，给我建一个流程图。

**Syed Hasan:** Of what this entire logic looks like. And it kind of
builds it out for you, and we kind of use this to validate our own
documentation. So in this specific example.

**Syed Hasan:**
关于这个整个逻辑是什么样子的。它会为你构建出来，我们用这个来验证我们自己的文档。所以在这个具体的例子中。

**Syed Hasan:** We saw that it connected the wrong dot right here. So,
um….

**Syed Hasan:** 我们看到它在这里连错了点。所以……

**Syed Hasan:** We knew that, okay, let's just go back to the
documentation and.

**Syed Hasan:** 我们知道，好的，让我们回到文档。

**Syed Hasan:** Make that change in documentation. Hey, did these two
functionalities you connected a dot on?

**Syed Hasan:** 在文档中做那个改动。嘿，你连接的这两个功能点了吗？

**Syed Hasan:** They're mutually exclusive, they're not related, they
don't interact. So we went in, so we can quickly validate documentation.
Within a few seconds, go and update that, and then we ask it to do the
exact same thing, and now you see a very different type of.

**Syed Hasan:**
它们是互斥的，它们不相关，它们不交互。所以我们介入了，这样我们就能快速验证文档。在几秒钟内，去更新那个，然后我们让它做完全相同的事情，现在你看到了一个非常不同类型的。

**Syed Hasan:** Flow chart, right? And this allows us to very quickly
validate our knowledge sources to make sure that it is, in fact,
understanding it correctly, and that it will.

**Syed Hasan:**
流程图，对吧？这让我们能非常快速地验证我们的知识来源，以确保它实际上是正确理解的，并且它会。

**Syed Hasan:** Uh, give the right. Types of responses are appropriate
responses to users.

**Syed Hasan:** 给出正确的。响应类型是对用户合适的响应。

**Syed Hasan:** Um, I will now pass it over to Jordan to do a quick demo
on this.

**Syed Hasan:** 我现在把话筒交给Jordan，让他做一个快速的演示。

**Jordan Bowman:** All right, thank you very much, Syed. So, as
mentioned, you first have to be granted access to a pharmacy GPT.

**Jordan Bowman:**
好的，非常感谢，Syed。如前所述，你首先必须被授予访问Pharmacy GPT的权限。

**Jordan Bowman:** Once you have it, it'll be similar to as being
invited to a Teams chat.

**Jordan Bowman:** 一旦你有了它，它就会像被邀请加入一个Teams聊天一样。

**Jordan Bowman:** And then, once you have access there, you just have
to go within Teams to the Copilot section.

**Jordan Bowman:**
然后，一旦你有了那里的访问权限，你只需要在Teams中进入Copilot部分。

**Jordan Bowman:** And then go on to the right to list of agents, and
Pharmacy GPT. You can then chat away with it, and there's also the
previous conversations you have in the bottom right window. So this is
very useful for maybe.

**Jordan Bowman:** 然后向右转到智能体列表，找到Pharmacy
GPT。然后你就可以和它聊天了，右下角的窗口里还有你之前的对话。所以这可能对……

**Jordan Bowman:** You know, getting back to something that you had from
the previous day, sharing information that you've learned from it with
someone else.

**Jordan Bowman:**
你知道，回到你前一天的事情，与别人分享你从中学到的信息。

**Jordan Bowman:** So now, let's talk about the different kinds of
conversations that you can have with pharmacy GPT.

**Jordan Bowman:** 那么现在，我们来谈谈你可以和Pharmacy
GPT进行的各种对话。

**Jordan Bowman:** Maybe you're new to Pharmacy Connect and you're just
learning it, maybe you just need to brush up on a specific topic, or
you're just having a memory lapse or something. Since it's trained on
all of the feature sets and functionality of Pharmacy Connect, you can
just ask it to describe that to you.

**Jordan Bowman:** 也许你是Pharmacy
Connect的新手，正在学习它，也许你只是需要复习一个特定的主题，或者你只是记忆力暂时衰退了。因为它接受了Pharmacy
Connect所有功能集和功能的训练，你可以直接让它向你描述。

**Jordan Bowman:** As we can see in the example on the left there,
asking about a specific feature.

**Jordan Bowman:** 正如我们在左边的例子中看到的，询问一个特定的功能。

**Jordan Bowman:** And of course, since this is a conversation, you can
then drill down, get more granular with it, and ask it follow-up
questions, or to elaborate on certain things.

**Jordan Bowman:**
当然，因为这是一次对话，你可以深入挖掘，更细致地了解，并问它后续问题，或者让它详细说明某些事情。

**Jordan Bowman:** Now, perhaps you are familiar with functionality, and
you're in a more customer-facing role, and the client is having issues
with the problem, or you're helping somebody else that's dealing with an
issue with Pharmacy Connect.

**Jordan Bowman:**
现在，也许你熟悉功能，并且你处于一个更面向客户的角色，客户在问题上遇到了困难，或者你正在帮助其他人处理Pharmacy
Connect的问题。

**Jordan Bowman:** Um, it can be used to get ideas on how to proceed
with basic troubleshooting steps.

**Jordan Bowman:** 它可以用来获取关于如何进行基本故障排除步骤的想法。

**Jordan Bowman:** So, on the example on the right, we presented a basic
problem, and we asked for suggestions on how to proceed, and it's able
to provide next steps to give us a launching point, at least point you
in the right direction.

**Jordan Bowman:**
所以，在右边的例子中，我们提出了一个基本问题，并请求关于如何进行的建议，它能够提供下一步措施，给我们一个起点，至少指明了正确的方向。

**Jordan Bowman:** Now, we can even take things one step further, and
while it's a bit experimental, it can actually be leveraged to perform a
highly technical analysis that historically only a few subject matter
experts could identify and resolve.

**Jordan Bowman:**
现在，我们甚至可以更进一步，虽然这有点实验性，但它实际上可以被用来进行高度技术性的分析，而这在历史上只有少数主题专家能够识别和解决。

**Jordan Bowman:** So, in this next example, we actually fed it a
segment from a pharmacy HL7 message that was populating an order in a
way that we.

**Jordan Bowman:**
所以，在下一个例子中，我们实际上给它输入了一段来自药房HL7（Health Level
Seven：医疗信息交换标准）消息的片段，它正在以一种我们……

**Jordan Bowman:** Was incorrect. We weren't expecting it to. And it was
actually able to analyze that and identify the issue.

**Jordan Bowman:**
是不正确的。我们没想到会这样。它实际上能够分析并识别出问题。

**Jordan Bowman:** And explain the problem in a very digestible format,
so it sort of allows anyone to.

**Jordan Bowman:**
并以一种非常易于理解的格式解释问题，所以它让任何人都能。

**Jordan Bowman:** You know, talk with your clients or others like
you're an expert.

**Jordan Bowman:** 你知道，像专家一样与你的客户或其他人交谈。

**Jordan Bowman:** It makes troubleshooting issues with Pharmacy Connect
far more accessible to everyone else, and it helps alleviate that
bottleneck we were seeing where only a few subject matter experts could
help with.

**Jordan Bowman:** 它让解决Pharmacy
Connect的问题对其他人来说变得更容易，并帮助缓解了我们看到的只有少数主题专家能提供帮助的瓶颈。

**Jordan Bowman:** Um, you can also see at the very bottom there, as I
had mentioned, it lists the documentation, the source documentation that
it pulled from.

**Jordan Bowman:**
你也可以在最底部看到，正如我提到的，它列出了它从中提取的文档，也就是源文档。

**Jordan Bowman:** So if it was pulling from multiple sources, there'd
be multiple documents there, and you could just follow that back to
actually learn from this source material, or verify the information that
it's giving.

**Jordan Bowman:**
所以如果它从多个来源提取，那里就会有多个文档，你可以追溯回去，从这些源材料中学习，或者验证它提供的信息。

**Jordan Bowman:** To you. These are just a couple of ways that you can
use Pharmacy GPT, and we're really excited to figure out all the other
ways that people are going to be using it.

**Jordan Bowman:** 给你。这些只是你可以使用Pharmacy
GPT的几种方式，我们真的很兴奋能找出人们将要使用的所有其他方式。

**Jordan Bowman:** Um, it's already being used by several teams now, and
we've been receiving some great feedback so far.

**Jordan Bowman:**
现在已经有几个团队在使用它了，到目前为止我们收到了很多很好的反馈。

**Jordan Bowman:** And we hope that this will continue to help everyone
learn, troubleshoot, and develop their own skills with Pharmacy Connect.

**Jordan Bowman:**
我们希望这将继续帮助每个人学习、解决问题，并发展他们自己使用Pharmacy
Connect的技能。

**Jordan Bowman:** Thank you very much, everyone, for listening. We'd
like to open the floor to questions.

**Jordan Bowman:** 非常感谢大家的聆听。我们现在开放提问环节。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Great job, everyone. I do have two questions for
you. Do you need to retrain as we develop new workflows in Pharmacy
Connect?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
干得好，各位。我确实有两个问题要问你们。随着我们在Pharmacy
Connect中开发新的工作流程，你们需要重新训练吗？

**Jordan Bowman:** So that involves going back through and doing that
documentation update, um.

**Jordan Bowman:** 所以这涉及到回去重新做一遍文档更新……

**Syed Hasan:** Yes.

**Syed Hasan:** 是的。

**Jordan Bowman:** We're hoping that we can establish, um. Good
communication from the various teams, right? Where our product will go
through, they'll give us documentation.

**Jordan Bowman:**
我们希望我们能建立……来自各个团队的良好沟通，对吧？我们的产品会经过，他们会给我们文档。

**Jordan Bowman:** And then we can use that method that Saad talked
about earlier, update existing documentation, or just plug in those new
documents into the SharePoint to update everything.

**Jordan Bowman:**
然后我们可以使用Saad之前谈到的方法，更新现有的文档，或者只是把那些新文档插入到SharePoint中来更新所有内容。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome. Appreciate that. There are a couple of
other questions that have just come in into the Q&A, so I encourage all
three of you to go in.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。感谢。问答区刚有几个其他问题，所以我鼓励你们三位都进去。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And answer them directly into the Q&A. Thank you
so much for this, uh, amazing use case. There's a lot of great feedback
in the chat, so please.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
并直接在问答区回答。非常感谢这个……惊人的用例。聊天中有很多很好的反馈，所以请。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Take a moment and read that as well.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 花点时间也读一下。

**Ruben Vieira:** Alright, thank you.

**Ruben Vieira:** 好的，谢谢你。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Thanks, team. That was really mind-blowing. Um, and
while we wait for our next presenter….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
谢谢，团队。那真是令人大开眼界。在我们等待下一位演讲者的时候……

### 主持人互动：AI辅助沟通策略

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So, while we wait, uh, we're asking you to. Try
something with Copilot, um….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
所以，在我们等待的时候，我们请你用Copilot尝试一些东西……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah, Janet. Okay, perfect. So while we wait, we're
this time asking you to use Copilot to do something really interesting.
This might be very useful in your day-to-day.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
是的，Janet。好的，完美。所以在我们等待的时候，这次我们请你用Copilot做一些非常有趣的事情。这可能在你的日常工作中非常有用。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Uh, let's try using Copilot to present information,
this time in a table format.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 让我们尝试用Copilot来呈现信息，这次是用表格格式。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So, here's our, um…. Prompt. Can someone please put
the prompt in chat? I'm so sorry, I don't have an….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
所以，这是我们的……提示。有人能把提示放到聊天里吗？非常抱歉，我没有……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, we both dropped it. Marina and I have
both dropped it in.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的，我们都放了。Marina和我都放进去了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Perfect, thank you. So please take this prompt and
drop it in Copilot.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 完美，谢谢你。所以请把这个提示放到Copilot里。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And then we will see what results you get, and do
tell us if the results were useful. Um, did your robot friend do a good
job?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
然后我们会看看你得到什么结果，并告诉我们结果是否有用。你的机器人朋友做得好吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Uh, did you actually find the results useful? As a
general rule, see, it's a pretty long prompt, so as a general rule, if
your prompt needs a scroll bar.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
你真的觉得结果有用吗？一般来说，你看，这是一个很长的提示，所以一般来说，如果你的提示需要滚动条。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Don't be surprised if Copilot responds with a deep
sigh before actually giving you the data.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
如果Copilot在给你数据之前深深地叹了一口气，不要感到惊讶。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So what about you, Roussea? Did your co-pilot sigh
as well?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 那么你呢，Roussea？你的Copilot也叹气了吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I love your mom jokes, guys.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我喜欢你们的妈妈笑话，伙计们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** It's that time of the day. We want people to wake
up.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 现在是时候了。我们想让人们醒来。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Deep grown… no, I'm kidding. That's awesome, I
love that. Um, so, when I actually put this in, I played around with
this prop quite a bit before we got the prompt that we sent to everybody
else, because.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
深深的呻吟……不，我开玩笑的。那太棒了，我喜欢。所以，当我实际输入这个时，在我们把提示发给其他人之前，我玩了这个道具相当长的时间，因为。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** What I really wanted to see was, like, a cheat
sheet I could give people when they're trying to make a quick decision
on which method to use. Often, you're making that decision in a few
seconds.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我真正想看到的是，像一个备忘单，当人们试图快速决定使用哪种方法时，我可以给他们。通常，你是在几秒钟内做出那个决定的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So it needed to be something that was really
quick and easily digestible. And so I actually went back and forth with
this prompt before I got the prompt that you're all using.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
所以它需要是一个非常快速且易于理解的东西。所以我实际上在这个提示上来回尝试了很多次，才得到你们现在都在用的这个提示。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** When I dropped it in, I actually got exactly
what I was looking for. Uh, it was a quick cheat sheet, it was organized
really well, I found that I agreed with everything that I put together,
um, so it was actually really happy with it.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
当我把它放进去时，我实际上得到了我正在寻找的东西。它是一个快速的备忘单，组织得非常好，我发现我同意我整理的所有内容，所以实际上对它非常满意。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, and I've been having this conversation a
lot recently with people about, you know, which method should you use,
especially in a hybrid setting, it's more and more important.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我最近经常和人们讨论这个问题，你知道，你应该使用哪种方法，特别是在混合环境中，这越来越重要。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** To think about how are we communicating, and
when is what method the most effective. So.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
思考我们如何沟通，以及何时哪种方法最有效。所以。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** It was, uh… Ashley gave me exactly what I
wanted, but I did have to play around with it to get this particular
prompt.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的……Ashley给了我我想要的东西，但我确实需要玩弄一下才能得到这个特定的提示。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's awesome. Let's see what our audience is
saying. Do we have the next presenters queued up?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
太棒了。让我们看看我们的观众在说什么。我们的下一位演讲者准备好了吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** In the interest of time, maybe…. Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 为了节省时间，或许……是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes, I do see Jennifer, Charlie, um, etc. On,
so I think….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我确实看到了Jennifer、Charlie等人在，所以我想……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** We could be able to throw it to them.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我们可以把话筒交给他们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Perfect.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 完美。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, that the team's feedback speed is fast, the
difference on the person.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 团队的反馈速度很快，这取决于个人。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Oh, I love that. You get some funny stuff.
Sometimes when you put it in there. That's pretty awesome.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
哦，我喜欢那个。你有时会得到一些有趣的东西。当你把它放进去的时候。那很棒。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Interesting. Okay. Okay, Jennifer, Kriska, Maya, if
you can bring up your screen, and Charlie.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
有趣。好的。好的，Jennifer，Kriska，Maya，如果你们能打开你们的屏幕，还有Charlie。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** All right, I think we can throw it over.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 好的，我想我们可以把话筒交过去了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And hardly, yeah. All right, over to you!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 几乎没有，是的。好的，交给你了！

**Ketki Yennemadi:** The UX team! Excited to hear more about Figma and
Copilot.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** UX团队！很兴奋能听到更多关于Figma和Copilot的消息。

### 用例13：Jennifer Magana, Maja Madirazza, Krisika Suthan & Charley Yang - Figma与Copilot在UX设计中的应用

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** Yeah, thanks everyone. Hi, uh, Charlie,
Maya, Krisika, and I from User Research and Design are excited to share.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
是的，谢谢大家。嗨，我是用户研究与设计部的Charlie、Maya、Krisika和我，我们很高兴能分享。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** How we're partnering with AI to help us
move faster, spot insights sooner, and make our work more inclusive.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
我们如何与AI合作，以帮助我们更快地行动，更早地发现洞察，并使我们的工作更具包容性。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** So let's get started. Um, today we're
focusing on that early phase of product development.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
那么让我们开始吧。今天我们关注的是产品开发的早期阶段。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** When we're still figuring out what to
build, it's what we call product discovery.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
当我们还在弄清楚要构建什么时，我们称之为产品发现。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** This phase is often overwhelming. Ideas
are slow to form. Research findings are shared too late, and
collaboration happens, but in silos.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
这个阶段通常是压倒性的。想法形成缓慢。研究发现分享得太晚，协作虽然发生，但却是孤立的。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** That's why we're rethinking how we
explore and align. We're learning how to partner with our AI tools we
call Design Pals.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
这就是为什么我们正在重新思考我们如何探索和协调。我们正在学习如何与我们称之为“设计伙伴”的AI工具合作。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** To change how we collaborate and build
with more confidence. We each give it a role to play.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
来改变我们的协作方式，并更有信心地进行构建。我们每个人都给它分配一个角色。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** Maya will showcase her ideation coach.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:** Maya将展示她的构思教练。

**Maja Madirazza:** Sigma Make is our new AI-powered ideation coach. It
helps us remix ideas quickly and explore multiple design directions to
solve user problems.

**Maja Madirazza:** Figma
Make是我们新的AI驱动的构思教练。它帮助我们快速重组想法，并探索多种设计方向来解决用户问题。

**Maja Madirazza:** I recently used it to explore how users could
indicate the location of documentation within an assessment.

**Maja Madirazza:** 我最近用它来探索用户如何在评估中指示文档的位置。

**Maja Madirazza:** Instead of sketching, I use prompts to generate a
design that closely matched what I had in mind.

**Maja Madirazza:**
我没有画草图，而是使用提示来生成一个与我心中所想非常匹配的设计。

**Maja Madirazza:** Being the design helped me uncover a new challenge.
How might we help users not just select a progress note, but select the
right one?

**Maja Madirazza:**
这个设计帮助我发现了一个新挑战。我们如何能帮助用户不仅是选择一个进度笔记，而是选择正确的那个？

**Maja Madirazza:** So for the next round, I adjusted the prompt to
include more context, like, who wrote the note.

**Maja Madirazza:**
所以在下一轮，我调整了提示，加入了更多的上下文，比如，谁写的笔记。

**Maja Madirazza:** Their role, and the date. Then I realized, wouldn't
it be better if users could actually preview the entire node before
selecting it?

**Maja Madirazza:**
他们的角色和日期。然后我意识到，如果用户在选择之前能实际预览整个笔记，会不会更好？

**Maja Madirazza:** I then added a preview feature. Now, when users
click preview, the note expands, allowing.

**Maja Madirazza:**
然后我添加了一个预览功能。现在，当用户点击预览时，笔记会展开，允许。

**Maja Madirazza:** Allowing them to read it fully before linking it. As
you can see, Figma Make helped me ideate quickly, think visually, and
iterate on the fly.

**Maja Madirazza:** 让他们在链接之前完整地阅读它。正如你所看到的，Figma
Make帮助我快速构思，进行视觉化思考，并即时迭代。

**Maja Madirazza:** Turning one idea into three different variations, I
could share with the product team.

**Maja Madirazza:** 将一个想法变成三个不同的变体，我可以与产品团队分享。

**Maja Madirazza:** With that, I'll pass it over to Christika.

**Maja Madirazza:** 就此，我把话筒交给Christika。

**Krisika Suthan:** Okay, so now I'll talk about our next design pal, AI
as an interaction slash prototyping partner. Here is a mock-up. It's
helpful for aligning with product, engineers, and even users, but one
screen doesn't show the full experience. It's hard to grasp
functionality and flow from a static image. Normally, this is where we
designers prototype, but often we don't always have the time.

**Krisika Suthan:**
好的，现在我来谈谈我们的下一个设计伙伴，AI作为交互/原型设计伙伴。这是一个模型。它有助于与产品、工程师甚至用户对齐，但一个屏幕无法展示完整的体验。从静态图像中很难把握功能和流程。通常，这是我们设计师制作原型的地方，但我们往往没有时间。

**Krisika Suthan:** Or clinical context to build something that is
realistic. Here is where we use Figma Make.

**Krisika Suthan:**
或者没有临床背景来构建一些现实的东西。这就是我们使用Figma Make的地方。

**Krisika Suthan:** So using Figma Make, I turned this mock-up into a
working prototype in just over a half hour. It does not match our
evergreen design system or core, and that is okay.

**Krisika Suthan:** 所以使用Figma
Make，我在半个多小时内就把这个模型变成了一个可工作的原型。它与我们的常青设计系统或核心不匹配，但这没关系。

**Krisika Suthan:** What it does do is bring the mock-up to life,
helping us visualize interaction, workflow, and realistic content
scenarios.

**Krisika Suthan:**
它所做的是让模型活起来，帮助我们可视化交互、工作流程和现实的内容场景。

**Krisika Suthan:** In our recent exploration, we used this to quickly
align with product managers on key ideas. But looking ahead, there is
potential to use these prototypes for user testing and end-to-end.

**Krisika Suthan:**
在我们最近的探索中，我们用它来快速与产品经理就关键想法达成一致。但展望未来，这些原型有潜力用于用户测试和端到端的。

**Krisika Suthan:** Evaluation of feasibility. Passing it down to
Jennifer.

**Krisika Suthan:** 可行性评估。现在交给Jennifer。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** Thanks, Krisika. Discoverly is an insight
translator. It's an AI agent I've customized in Copilot to help me share
research findings in real time. I'll show you how it works.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
谢谢，Krisika。Discoverly是一个洞察翻译器。这是我在Copilot中定制的一个AI智能体，用来帮助我实时分享研究发现。我来展示一下它是如何工作的。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** Um, before Discoverly, we talked to
customers, highlighted transcripts, summarized key points, created
themes and insights, and then presented the findings.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
在Discoverly之前，我们与客户交谈，高亮转录稿，总结要点，创建主题和洞察，然后展示发现。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** Now, we're still talking to customers and
highlighting transcripts, that part's not going to change.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
现在，我们仍然在与客户交谈并高亮转录稿，那部分不会改变。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** Um, think of it like data labeling.
Basically, it's helping the AI interpret that data accurately.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
把它想象成数据标注。基本上，它是在帮助AI准确地解释那些数据。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** But now, I can partner with AI to
generate those summaries, themes, and insights in a fraction of the
time, and instantly share them cross-functionally for real-time
collaboration.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
但现在，我可以与AI合作，在极短的时间内生成那些摘要、主题和洞察，并立即跨职能地分享它们，以进行实时协作。

**Jennifer Magana - Product:** Now we can make better decisions
together. Now on to Charlie.

**Jennifer Magana - 产品部:**
现在我们可以一起做出更好的决定。现在交给Charlie。

**Charley Yang:** Thanks, Jen. Now, talking about impact, with tools
like Figma Make and our Custom Research Copilot Agent Discoverly.

**Charley Yang:** 谢谢，Jen。现在，谈到影响，有了像Figma
Make和我们的定制研究Copilot智能体Discoverly这样的工具。

**Charley Yang:** We're accelerating discovery and iteration through
rapid prototyping, quicker synthesis of research insights.

**Charley Yang:**
我们正在通过快速原型制作、更快地综合研究洞察来加速发现和迭代。

**Charley Yang:** And streamlining collaboration to free up time for
more strategic, high-impact design and research.

**Charley Yang:**
并简化协作，以腾出时间进行更具战略性、高影响力的设计和研究。

**Charley Yang:** Moving on into our next slide. So, responsible use of
AI. So, AI tools support our ideas by informing our decisions and
helping us do more at a faster and smarter rate.

**Charley Yang:**
进入下一张幻灯片。所以，负责任地使用AI。AI工具通过为我们的决策提供信息，并帮助我们以更快、更智能的速度做更多的事情来支持我们的想法。

**Charley Yang:** But this is not a substitute for expertise, and it
shouldn't replace human insight in decision making.

**Charley Yang:** 但这不能替代专业知识，也不应取代人类在决策中的洞察力。

**Charley Yang:** When it comes down to our lessons learned,
experimentation is how we learn what works and what doesn't, especially
with AI tools.

**Charley Yang:**
谈到我们的经验教训，实验是我们学习什么有效、什么无效的方式，尤其是在使用AI工具时。

**Charley Yang:** Constant iteration allows us to determine how to move
forward, what to scrap, especially as we are vetting these tools within
our workflows.

**Charley Yang:**
持续的迭代让我们能够决定如何前进，放弃什么，特别是在我们在工作流程中审查这些工具时。

**Charley Yang:** Seguing into our next bullet, as AI evolves, so do we.
We maintain a constant state of learning and adapting our skills as the
tools advance.

**Charley Yang:**
转到下一个要点，随着AI的发展，我们也在发展。我们保持着持续学习的状态，并随着工具的进步调整我们的技能。

**Charley Yang:** Finally, how can it help others? There's no
one-size-fits-all. Every individual and team can shape their own version
of a design pal to fit their needs. If it doesn't work, continue to
iterate, otherwise there's always another tool out there.

**Charley Yang:**
最后，它如何能帮助他人？没有一刀切的解决方案。每个个人和团队都可以塑造自己版本的设计伙伴来满足他们的需求。如果不行，就继续迭代，否则总有其他工具可用。

**Charley Yang:** So, that concludes our presentation. Thank you all for
attending. We'll go ahead and open up the floor to any questions.

**Charley Yang:**
那么，我们的演讲到此结束。谢谢大家的参与。我们现在开放提问环节。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thank you all, what a wonderful presentation. And
we only have, you know, high fives in the chat for you, so if any
questions do come in later, we'll be sure to share with them with you.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
谢谢大家，多么精彩的演讲。我们在聊天中只有对你们的击掌鼓励，所以如果稍后有任何问题，我们一定会与你们分享。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Over to you, Kat Canarusa.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 交给你了，Kat Canarusa。

### 主持人互动：AI生成图像

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Thanks, Jennifer and Co, and thanks, Marina,
for throwing it over to us.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
谢谢Jennifer和公司，也谢谢Marina把话筒交给我们。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, so this is our next While you wait. In the
chat, uh, we want you to tell us what prompt do you think we use to
generate the image?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
那么，这是我们下一个“在你等待的时候”。在聊天中，我们希望你告诉我们，你认为我们用什么提示来生成这张图片？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That's on the screen of a person with their
laptop. Um, tell us what you think it was, and while we're waiting for
you to figure out what you think we did.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
屏幕上是一个拿着笔记本电脑的人。告诉我们你认为它是什么，在我们等待你弄清楚我们做了什么的时候。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Keki, I want to hear from you. Um…. How has
your experience been using Copilot to generate images?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
Keki，我想听听你的看法。你使用Copilot生成图像的体验如何？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Images probably have been the most…. Difficult part
of using Copilot, because it requires a lot of iterations, um.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
图像可能是使用Copilot最……困难的部分，因为它需要大量的迭代。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I… definitely, it has gotten better, but we still
keep getting those images with 11 fingers and 3 hands.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我……当然，它已经变得更好了，但我们仍然会得到那些有11根手指和3只手的图片。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** You know, the typical… so, yes, you know, it
sometimes requires quite a few iterations, but I've also noticed it
doesn't do a very good job with letters. For example.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
你知道，典型的……所以，是的，你知道，它有时需要相当多的迭代，但我也注意到它在处理字母方面做得不是很好。例如。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** When we were trying to generate a banner for the AI
Symposium, it would give us good images.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
当我们试图为AI研讨会生成一个横幅时，它会给我们好的图片。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** But not images with AI Symposium written on it. Um,
so yeah, because this is pixel-related, it doesn't do a great job of
identifying.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 但不是带有“AI
Symposium”字样的图片。所以是的，因为这与像素有关，它在识别方面做得不是很好。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Letters and words. What about you, Arisa?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 字母和单词。你呢，Arisa？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, I've had a very similar experience. What
I will typically have it do is generate an image for me.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我有过非常相似的经历。我通常会让它为我生成一张图片。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** But not with any words, and then I'll use,
like, a text box or something over it to put my own words in.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
但不带任何文字，然后我会用一个文本框之类的东西在上面加上我自己的文字。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So it doesn't create all the funky letters and
the misspelling, etc.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 这样它就不会创造出所有奇怪的字母和拼写错误等。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I think you can also add a bunch of details to
help make this more specific, right? You could ask, like, you could add
the location you want it to be in.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我认为你也可以添加很多细节来让这个更具体，对吧？你可以问，比如，你可以添加你希望它在的位置。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Ethnicity, age, type of clothing, specificity,
type of image. All of those details are going to help you get an image
that's closer to what you're looking for.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
种族、年龄、服装类型、具体性、图像类型。所有这些细节都将帮助你得到一张更接近你想要的图片。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Mike, I see that you are the only one who told
us what the prompt was, so thanks for bravely putting in what you think
it is.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
Mike，我看到你是唯一一个告诉我们提示是什么的人，所以谢谢你勇敢地输入了你认为的内容。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, you said man in suit working on laptop. Um,
it's very close, actually. We put….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
你说“穿着西装的男人在用笔记本电脑工作”。实际上，非常接近。我们输入的是……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** The fleas generate an image of a business
person with a laptop. It defaulted to mail.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
“请生成一张拿着笔记本电脑的商务人士的图片。”它默认生成了男性。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, but you know, it's probably based on some
of the data that it's trained on.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 但你知道，这可能是基于它训练的一些数据。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, Pizza Man! I love Pizza Man, it's your
thing.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 披萨人！我爱披萨人，这是你的菜。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Professional man and a sharp navy blue business
suits. You know, I feel like you literally describe exactly what this
looks like, and if you put that in, I'd be very curious to see if it
generated this exact image or not.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
穿着笔挺的海军蓝商务套装的专业男士。你知道，我觉得你简直是精确地描述了这看起来的样子，如果你输入那个，我很好奇它是否会生成这张确切的图片。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, prodigy, Sherry, I see you've also put
things in. You actually did specify a bunch of those details.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
天才，Sherry，我看到你也输入了一些东西。你实际上指定了很多那些细节。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** In our case, we were generic, and this is what
it gave us, but those details would help you get a very similar image.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
在我们的案例中，我们是通用的，这就是它给我们的，但那些细节会帮助你得到一张非常相似的图片。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** All right, so I see our next presenter is
ready. Dave, I'm gonna throw it over to you from Cloud Financial
Operations to talk about profit.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，我看到我们的下一位演讲者已经准备好了。Dave，我把话筒交给你，来自云财务运营部，来谈谈利润。

### 用例14：Dave Chodos - Prophet在云财务运营中的应用

**Dave Chodos:** Great, thanks very much. I'll just get my….

**Dave Chodos:** 太好了，非常感谢。我这就……

**Dave Chodos:** Screen go in here.

**Dave Chodos:** 屏幕在这里。

**Dave Chodos:** Uh, alright. And so, I'm here to talk about something
that we worked on with, uh, a tool called Profit, and I'm calling it
from the Cloud Financial Operations.

**Dave Chodos:**
好的。我在这里要谈谈我们使用一个叫做Prophet的工具所做的工作，我从云财务运营的角度来称呼它。

**Dave Chodos:** Uh, heat, and so before I…. Get too far into profit and
the cool things that it can do. I thought I would….

**Dave Chodos:** 在我深入探讨Prophet和它能做的酷炫事情之前，我想……

**Dave Chodos:** Tell you a little bit about what Cloud Financial
Operations is. That might be a bit of a mouthful.

**Dave Chodos:** 告诉你一点关于云财务运营是什么。这可能有点拗口。

**Dave Chodos:** Or seem kind of unfamiliar? Oh, yeah, I thought it was.

**Dave Chodos:** 或者看起来有点陌生？哦，是的，我以为是。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Dave, sorry, before you continue, can we get you
to put this into slide mode as your presenter?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
Dave，抱歉，在你继续之前，我们能让你作为演示者把这个放到幻灯片模式吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Yeah, we're seeing your presenter notes, yes.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 是的，我们看到了你的演示者备注，是的。

**Dave Chodos:** Oh, if that helps. Just a sec. Let me….

**Dave Chodos:** 哦，如果那有帮助的话。等一下。让我……

**Dave Chodos:** Press again. Yep.

**Dave Chodos:** 再按一次。是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Perfect. Now it's off? Okay, I thought I saw it
flash up.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 完美。现在关了吗？好的，我以为我看到它闪了一下。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Let's see….

**Marina Stojanovic:** 让我们看看……

**Marina Stojanovic:** So on the bottom of your screen, there should be
a little presentation button that pops up for you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 在你屏幕的底部，应该会弹出一个小的演示按钮。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I think it's because you've been using multiple
monitors?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我想是因为你一直在使用多个显示器？

**Dave Chodos:** Yeah, you know, it was not letting me pick the monitor.

**Dave Chodos:** 是的，你知道，它不让我选择显示器。

**Dave Chodos:** That I wanted. There we go. That should be better.

**Dave Chodos:** 我想要的那个。好了。那应该会好一些。

**Dave Chodos:** Is that working? Okay, excellent. All right.

**Dave Chodos:** 这样行吗？好的，太棒了。好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Woohoo! Perfect.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 喔呼！完美。

**Dave Chodos:** Uh, so yeah, first I wanted to tell you a little bit
about the Cloud Financial Operations team, who we are, what we do.

**Dave Chodos:**
所以是的，首先我想告诉你们一点关于云财务运营团队的情况，我们是谁，我们做什么。

**Dave Chodos:** So we are part of the SaaS ops department, so cloud
infrastructure.

**Dave Chodos:** 我们是SaaS运营部门的一部分，也就是云基础设施。

**Dave Chodos:** And we support the cloud, engineering, finance teams,
and a few others, like sales and product.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们支持云、工程、财务团队，以及其他一些团队，比如销售和产品。

**Dave Chodos:** And some of our key concerns have to do with cloud cost
visibility, reporting.

**Dave Chodos:** 我们的一些主要关注点与云成本可见性、报告有关。

**Dave Chodos:** Forecasting, can I put a pin in that one for later, and
alerting.

**Dave Chodos:** 预测，我能把这个先记下来稍后再说吗，还有警报。

**Dave Chodos:** And we build various custom tools and systems where
needed to make these things happen.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们在需要的地方构建各种自定义工具和系统来实现这些事情。

**Dave Chodos:** And doing all these things. We work on achieving
savings at a company-wide level. Uh, so we look at things like
negotiations on contracts and commitment discounts.

**Dave Chodos:**
并做所有这些事情。我们致力于在公司层面实现节约。所以我们关注像合同谈判和承诺折扣这样的事情。

**Dave Chodos:** And… essentially what we're trying to help the company
understand is.

**Dave Chodos:** 而且……基本上我们试图帮助公司理解的是。

**Dave Chodos:** Are we spending efficiently in the cloud? So, is…. All
this money that we're pouring into the cloud, driving value for
business. Little image here has.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们在云上的花费是否高效？所以，我们投入到云中的所有这些钱，是否在为业务创造价值。这里的小图片有。

**Dave Chodos:** Dollars raining out of the cloud. Really, I want to….
Imagine those dollars kind of getting sucked up into the cloud. It's
kind of the direction that things tend to go.

**Dave Chodos:**
美元从云中如雨般落下。实际上，我想……想象那些美元被吸入云中。这大概是事情发展的方向。

**Dave Chodos:** But, um, really. What our team does at the end of the
day is saving point care millions of dollars in cloud costs.

**Dave Chodos:**
但是，实际上。我们团队最终做的是为PointClickCare节省数百万美元的云成本。

**Dave Chodos:** And we ensure that the money that we do spend is
effectively supporting our products and our customers.

**Dave Chodos:** 我们确保我们花的钱能有效地支持我们的产品和客户。

**Dave Chodos:** So that gives a bit of context for who we are as a
team, what we're doing.

**Dave Chodos:**
所以这为我们作为一个团队是谁，我们在做什么，提供了一些背景。

**Dave Chodos:** And now I want to dive into a particular problem that
we've solved.

**Dave Chodos:** 现在我想深入探讨一个我们已经解决的特定问题。

**Dave Chodos:** And that has to do with predicting our cloud costs. So
a lot of what I talked about just now had to do with, uh.

**Dave Chodos:** 这与预测我们的云成本有关。我刚才谈到的很多内容都与……

**Dave Chodos:** Watching those costs. Kind of as they've happened, and
understanding what they were.

**Dave Chodos:** 观察那些成本。就像它们发生时一样，并理解它们是什么。

**Dave Chodos:** But we also want to understand what the cost will be
going forward.

**Dave Chodos:** 但我们也想了解未来的成本会是多少。

**Dave Chodos:** So, and there are two key stakeholders for this. One is
engineering.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以，这有两个关键的利益相关者。一个是工程部门。

**Dave Chodos:** Where they have annual budgets that they need to set.
It's \$40 million in total, so it's certainly not.

**Dave Chodos:**
他们需要设定年度预算。总额是4000万美元，所以这肯定不是。

**Dave Chodos:** Small change, and it's divided into over 100 different
items, so there's lots of different moving pieces in this budget-setting
effort.

**Dave Chodos:**
小数目，而且它被分成了超过100个不同的项目，所以在这个预算制定工作中有很多不同的变动部分。

**Dave Chodos:** And engineering teams and those managers of particular
products are definitely interested in ongoing cost tracking as well.

**Dave Chodos:**
工程团队和那些特定产品的经理们肯定也对持续的成本跟踪感兴趣。

**Dave Chodos:** And understanding not just what have we spent recently,
but what are we going to spend, and does that align with expectations
and plans?

**Dave Chodos:**
并且不仅要了解我们最近花了多少钱，还要了解我们将要花多少钱，以及这是否与预期和计划相符？

**Dave Chodos:** So, speaking of financial plans and expectations, we
also work closely with finance.

**Dave Chodos:** 谈到财务计划和预期，我们也与财务部门密切合作。

**Dave Chodos:** Uh, particularly the financial planning and analysis
team. They are responsible for quarterly forecasts for the business, and
one key part of those forecasts.

**Dave Chodos:**
特别是财务规划与分析团队。他们负责业务的季度预测，而这些预测的一个关键部分。

**Dave Chodos:** Our… our cloud costs. So we help them, uh, predict
those and inform the rest of the business about what that piece of the
puzzle is.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们的……我们的云成本。所以我们帮助他们预测这些，并告知业务的其他部分这个谜题的一部分是什么。

**Dave Chodos:** Now, all this is well and good, but it's a little
harder in the world of the cloud, because cloud costs can be variable.

**Dave Chodos:**
现在，这一切都很好，但在云的世界里，这要困难一些，因为云成本是可变的。

**Dave Chodos:** And it can be hard to understand. They're charged on a
daily basis.

**Dave Chodos:** 而且可能很难理解。它们是按日收费的。

**Dave Chodos:** And they can change quite a bit based on various
factors, things like product usage, or new technology changes,
sometimes.

**Dave Chodos:**
它们会根据各种因素发生很大变化，比如产品使用情况，或者新技术变化，有时。

**Dave Chodos:** Cost models themselves can change. And those costs, as
we receive them from the cloud.

**Dave Chodos:** 成本模型本身也会改变。而那些成本，当我们从云端收到时。

**Dave Chodos:** Provider from AWS or from Azure. Uh, they're not
immediately related to things that we care about at Care. They don't
tell us.

**Dave Chodos:**
来自AWS或Azure的提供商。它们并不直接与我们在Care关心的事情相关。它们不告诉我们。

**Dave Chodos:** Here's how much this product spent, or here's how much
this budget owner.

**Dave Chodos:** 这个产品花了多少钱，或者这个预算负责人花了多少钱。

**Dave Chodos:** Oath to the cloud. It's, uh…. A large volume of
somewhat inscrutable information.

**Dave Chodos:** 对云的誓言。这是……大量有些难以理解的信息。

**Dave Chodos:** So, we needed to come up with a solution to this.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以，我们需要想出一个解决方案。

**Dave Chodos:** And, uh, the…. Please look on Doc's face, uh, indicates
that we did. We've got.

**Dave Chodos:**
而且，呃，那个……请看Doc的表情，呃，表明我们做到了。我们有。

**Dave Chodos:** Some key components that we were able to bring together
to address this challenge.

**Dave Chodos:** 我们能够整合一些关键组件来应对这个挑战。

**Dave Chodos:** And those 3 key pieces are invoice data. Point-click
care context.

**Dave Chodos:** 这三个关键部分是发票数据、PointClickCare的背景信息。

**Dave Chodos:** And an AI tool. Bring these together, we can deliver
useful forecasts to stakeholders.

**Dave Chodos:**
和一个AI工具。将这些结合起来，我们可以向利益相关者提供有用的预测。

**Dave Chodos:** So the invoice data, there are millions upon millions
of entries that we.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以发票数据，有数百万条我们……

**Dave Chodos:** Gather each year, uh, telling us how much we spent in
the cloud, and each of those entries has.

**Dave Chodos:**
每年收集，告诉我们我们在云上花了多少钱，而每一条记录都有。

**Dave Chodos:** Several dozen dimensions to it, so it's pretty…. Uh,
dense….

**Dave Chodos:** 几十个维度，所以它非常……密集……

**Dave Chodos:** Data that we're talking about, and there's a fair bit
of it.

**Dave Chodos:** 我们正在谈论的数据，而且数量相当可观。

**Dave Chodos:** And as I mentioned, that doesn't immediately tell us
what we want to know.

**Dave Chodos:** 正如我提到的，那并不能立即告诉我们我们想知道的。

**Dave Chodos:** So, we bring point-click care context. Into the mix to
align all those data entries with meaningful categories, things that
matter to us at Point Click Care.

**Dave Chodos:**
所以，我们引入了PointClickCare的背景信息，将所有这些数据条目与有意义的类别对齐，这些类别对我们在PointClickCare很重要。

**Dave Chodos:** Things like our products, our budget owners, cost
centers for financial analysis.

**Dave Chodos:**
比如我们的产品、我们的预算负责人、用于财务分析的成本中心。

**Dave Chodos:** And finally, there's an AI tool. The reason. We're all
here today. In this case, we are using a tool called Profit, and I'll
tell you a little bit.

**Dave Chodos:**
最后，还有一个AI工具。这就是我们今天都在这里的原因。在这种情况下，我们正在使用一个叫做Prophet的工具，我来告诉你一点。

**Dave Chodos:** More about that in a moment, but essentially. Profit
allows us to peek in historical input.

**Dave Chodos:**
稍后会详细介绍，但基本上。Prophet让我们能够查看历史输入。

**Dave Chodos:** And generate forecasts. From that. So, in this case,
the input, the same, we're feeding into profit.

**Dave Chodos:**
并生成预测。从那里面。所以，在这种情况下，输入，同样，我们正在输入到Prophet中。

**Dave Chodos:** Is our past year of invoice data. Plus that context
that I was talking about should help us make sense of the data.

**Dave Chodos:**
是我们过去一年的发票数据。加上我之前谈到的背景信息，应该能帮助我们理解这些数据。

**Dave Chodos:** And the output is a year-long forecast into the future
for each of those 100-plus products.

**Dave Chodos:** 输出是针对那100多个产品中每一个的未来一年的预测。

**Dave Chodos:** So what does this all look like in action? So I wanted
to tell you a little bit more, first, about this profit tool that I
mentioned.

**Dave Chodos:**
那么这一切在实际操作中是什么样子的呢？首先，我想多告诉你一点关于我提到的这个Prophet工具。

**Dave Chodos:** It was developed by the Meta Company, Facebook is their
main product.

**Dave Chodos:** 它是由Meta公司开发的，Facebook是他们的主要产品。

**Dave Chodos:** And it's an open source tool, so you're not paying any
money for it, we don't….

**Dave Chodos:** 它是一个开源工具，所以你不用为它付钱，我们不……

**Dave Chodos:** Owe any money to Meta on a regular basis. It's just
freely available.

**Dave Chodos:** 定期向Meta支付任何费用。它只是免费提供的。

**Dave Chodos:** And its main purpose is providing forecasting for time
series data.

**Dave Chodos:** 它的主要目的是为时间序列数据提供预测。

**Dave Chodos:** So that is essentially data that is organized around.
Time, so around days and months.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以这基本上是围绕时间组织的数据，比如围绕天和月。

**Dave Chodos:** Years worth of data in those. Categories. And its key
features are that it's….

**Dave Chodos:** 那些类别中多年的数据。它的关键特性是……

**Dave Chodos:** Quite fast, accurate. Provides automated results, so
you don't need to….

**Dave Chodos:** 相当快，准确。提供自动化结果，所以你不需要……

**Dave Chodos:** Do a lot of complex conf….

**Dave Chodos:** 做很多复杂的配置……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Dave, your audio dropped.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Dave，你的声音断了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Nope. I mean, I can tell you're saying
something, because I can see your mouth moving, but I cannot actually
hear you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
不。我的意思是，我能看出你在说什么，因为我能看到你的嘴在动，但我实际上听不到你说话。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Keki, Maria, can you hear him? Is it just me?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
Keki，Maria，你们能听到他说话吗？是只有我听不到吗？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Nope, no, I thought it was just me, but I cannot
hear him either.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 不，不，我以为只有我听不到，但我也听不到他说话。

**Marina Stojanovic:** No, we can't hear you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 不，我们听不到你说话。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I wonder if her headset has died.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我想知道她的耳机是不是没电了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Technology has not been our friend today, which
is really ironic, because it's a symposium about technology, but….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
今天技术不是我们的朋友，这真的很讽刺，因为这是一个关于技术的研讨会，但是……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Had a lot of…. Yes, of course.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 有很多……是的，当然。

**Marina Stojanovic:** It's a Zoom gremlins, alright.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 是Zoom的小精灵，好的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I think Dave, uh…. I think he left, and he's
gonna come back to see if that works a little bit better.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我想Dave……我想他离开了，他会回来看看是否能好一点。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Alright, Dave, I see that you have come back.
Let's see if we can hear you now.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，Dave，我看到你回来了。让我们看看现在能不能听到你说话。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I mean, now you're invisible, but I'm thinking
you're gonna come back.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我的意思是，现在你隐形了，但我想你会回来的。

**Dave Chodos:** Can you hear me okay? Okay.

**Dave Chodos:** 你能听清楚我说话吗？好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** We can hear you, we can't see you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们能听到你，但看不到你。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yes.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I can't see you anymore. Yes!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我再也看不到你了。是的！

**Dave Chodos:** Well, one thing at a time.

**Dave Chodos:** 嗯，一次一件事。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Are we lucky? Are we gonna see… no, no, you're
invisible, but….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我们幸运吗？我们会看到……不，不，你隐形了，但是……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I mean, we can hear you, at least, so….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我的意思是，我们至少能听到你说话，所以……

**Dave Chodos:** It says my video's on, um….

**Dave Chodos:** 它说我的视频是开着的……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, your video is odd, it's just you are
missing. Like, we can see your background.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，你的视频很奇怪，只是你不见了。比如，我们能看到你的背景。

**Dave Chodos:** That's kind of important. Um, in my opinion, anyway.
Um, you know what? I might just continue on….

**Dave Chodos:**
那挺重要的。无论如何，在我看来。你知道吗？我可能就继续……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes! Yes, that is!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的！是的，就是这样！

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的。

**Dave Chodos:** I know time is running short. This is, uh….

**Dave Chodos:** 我知道时间不多了。这是……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, okay.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的，好的。

**Dave Chodos:** Okay, I'll try one more fiddle here.

**Dave Chodos:** 好的，我再在这里捣鼓一下。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Holding my breath. Jeremy says, I think he
still looks great.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 屏住呼吸。Jeremy说，我觉得他看起来还是很棒。

**Dave Chodos:** Alright, I am going to keep going. I don't know what
happened to my video.

**Dave Chodos:** 好的，我准备继续。我不知道我的视频怎么了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, yeah, well, just imagine. All right.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的，是的，好吧，想象一下。好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Okay, we can picture you, it's okay, all good,
keep going.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好的，我们可以想象你，没关系，一切都好，继续。

**Dave Chodos:** Um… yeah, imagine what I'm…. Imagine my hands waving.
Okay.

**Dave Chodos:** 嗯……是的，想象一下我……想象我的手在挥舞。好的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And you'll have to share again, I believe.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我相信你得再分享一次。

**Dave Chodos:** Oh, okay. I can do that.

**Dave Chodos:** 哦，好的。我可以做到。

**Dave Chodos:** There we go. Uh, can see my screen? If not me.

**Dave Chodos:** 好了。能看到我的屏幕吗？如果不是我。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yes, we can.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，我们可以。

**Dave Chodos:** Okay, halfway there. All right, so I'm not sure when my
audio dropped out, but I will….

**Dave Chodos:**
好的，完成一半了。好的，所以我不确定我的声音是什么时候断的，但我会……

**Dave Chodos:** Uh, can Human on just telling you a bit about profit in
action?

**Dave Chodos:**
能不能让Human来告诉你一点关于Prophet在实际应用中的情况？

**Dave Chodos:** So, profit has these great features that we are happy
to be able to use.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以，Prophet有这些很棒的功能，我们很高兴能使用。

**Dave Chodos:** And, uh, bringing our data into profit and coming up
with forecasts, we found that those forecasts are highly accurate.

**Dave Chodos:**
而且，将我们的数据输入到Prophet中并得出预测，我们发现那些预测非常准确。

**Dave Chodos:** So, uh, we've tracked. What the forecasts were against
what we actually spent.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以，我们追踪了预测与我们实际花费的对比。

**Dave Chodos:** And found that over a 6-month period, the forecasts
were within 1% of our actual spend, so they are very much.

**Dave Chodos:**
并发现，在6个月的时间里，预测与我们的实际支出相差不到1%，所以它们非常。

**Dave Chodos:** Bang on. And…. Uh, what we've done then is taken these
forecasts, you kind of see an example on the top right here.

**Dave Chodos:**
准确。然后我们所做的是，拿了这些预测，你可以在右上角看到一个例子。

**Dave Chodos:** Brought it into a custom cost tracking system that
we've developed, and we can empower better decision making.

**Dave Chodos:**
把它引入到我们开发的一个自定义成本跟踪系统中，我们可以赋能更好的决策。

**Dave Chodos:** Through this combination of. Uh, detailed cost tracking
reports and tools, and these.

**Dave Chodos:** 通过这种结合。详细的成本跟踪报告和工具，以及这些。

**Dave Chodos:** Profit Beast forecasts.

**Dave Chodos:** Prophet Beast预测。

**Dave Chodos:** All right, so I want to give you one example of.

**Dave Chodos:** 好的，所以我想给你们一个例子。

**Dave Chodos:** Profit and these forecasts in action. Here's one
product that we're tracking the costs for.

**Dave Chodos:**
Prophet和这些预测的实际应用。这是我们正在跟踪成本的一个产品。

**Dave Chodos:** And we can see the blue…. Bars on the left are the
costs so far, and then the.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们可以看到蓝色的……左边的条形图是到目前为止的成本，然后是。

**Dave Chodos:** Darker blue line represents the forecast. And if you
were to just look at the costs so far, you might have the impression
that.

**Dave Chodos:**
深蓝色的线代表预测。如果你只看目前的成本，你可能会有这样的印象。

**Dave Chodos:** It's pretty steady, we don't need to worry too much
about cost growth, we're in good shape.

**Dave Chodos:** 它相当稳定，我们不需要太担心成本增长，我们状况良好。

**Dave Chodos:** But then if you look at the forecast. You can see that
it's actually charted to rise by 25% over the rest of the fiscal year.

**Dave Chodos:**
但如果你看预测。你可以看到，它实际上预计在财年剩余时间内上涨25%。

**Dave Chodos:** So, from around \$3,000 a month up to \$4,000, so…. In
total dollar terms, it's not so much.

**Dave Chodos:**
所以，从每月大约3000美元涨到4000美元，所以……以总美元计算，并不算多。

**Dave Chodos:** But from the perspective of. This particular product
and how it's doing. We want to be able to rein in those costs, and if we
know that this is where it's headed.

**Dave Chodos:**
但从这个特定产品及其表现的角度来看。我们希望能够控制那些成本，如果我们知道它将走向何方。

**Dave Chodos:** We can do that early, rather than. Finding out midway
through September that we wound up spending more than we planned to.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们可以尽早做到，而不是。在九月中旬才发现我们最终的花费超出了计划。

**Dave Chodos:** So I'll share another example, uh, that may seem less
dramatic in terms of.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以我再分享一个例子，在……方面可能看起来不那么戏剧化。

**Dave Chodos:** The direction of the forecast, but it is also quite
important.

**Dave Chodos:** 预测的方向，但它也相当重要。

**Dave Chodos:** So this is our core EHR product, so the main thing that
we sell.

**Dave Chodos:**
这是我们的核心EHR（电子健康记录）产品，也就是我们销售的主要产品。

**Dave Chodos:** And, uh, on the left, again, you can see the costs.

**Dave Chodos:** 在左边，再次，你可以看到成本。

**Dave Chodos:** Seems somewhat stable. That blue… darker blue forecast
line indicates that they are going to rise somewhat over the rest of the
year.

**Dave Chodos:**
看起来有些稳定。那条蓝色的……深蓝色的预测线表明，它们在今年剩余时间内会略有上升。

**Dave Chodos:** But I want to draw your attention now to, over on the
left, the y-axis is spending.

**Dave Chodos:** 但我现在想让你们注意左边，y轴是支出。

**Dave Chodos:** How much money are we talking about? This is one and a
half to two million dollars every month.

**Dave Chodos:** 我们在谈论多少钱？这是每个月一百五十万到两百万美元。

**Dave Chodos:** So, when we look at that dark blue trend line and see
it.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以，当我们看那条深蓝色的趋势线并看到它。

**Dave Chodos:** Sort of creeping up a little over the course of the
rest of the fiscal year.

**Dave Chodos:** 在财年剩余时间内略有上升。

**Dave Chodos:** That creep represents tens or even hundreds of
thousands of dollars every month.

**Dave Chodos:** 那种缓慢的增长代表着每个月数万甚至数十万美元。

**Dave Chodos:** And if we have some advanced warning of that, and are
able to.

**Dave Chodos:** 如果我们能提前得到一些警告，并且能够。

**Dave Chodos:** Get ahead of it, then we can save that money and invest
it in other places and not have it.

**Dave Chodos:**
提前应对，那么我们就可以省下那笔钱，并把它投资到其他地方，而不是让它。

**Dave Chodos:** Just kind of unexpectedly. Trickle out over the course
of each month.

**Dave Chodos:** 只是出乎意料地在每个月里慢慢流失。

**Dave Chodos:** So I do want to take a moment now and talk a little bit
about the responsible use of AI, because, you know, as with all these
presentations, that is a.

**Dave Chodos:**
所以我现在确实想花点时间谈谈负责任地使用AI，因为，你知道，就像所有这些演讲一样，这是一个。

**Dave Chodos:** Key consideration in anything that we're. And in this
case, I've been talking about how we are using profit. We got these
forecasts, they're accurate, they're helpful, they're wonderful.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们所做任何事情的关键考虑。在这种情况下，我一直在谈论我们如何使用Prophet。我们得到了这些预测，它们准确、有帮助、非常棒。

**Dave Chodos:** But I do want to emphasize that they are not set in
stone.

**Dave Chodos:** 但我确实想强调，它们并非一成不变。

**Dave Chodos:** We don't just take these forecasts and. Charge ahead
blindly with them, saying, this is what this thing will cost. Ai told
us.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们不只是拿了这些预测就盲目地向前冲，说，这就是这个东西的成本。AI告诉我们的。

**Dave Chodos:** We're done. We…. Present those forecasts to the budget
owners using a custom tool, and they can be reviewed by those budget
owners and adjusted as necessary.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们完成了。我们……使用一个自定义工具向预算负责人展示那些预测，他们可以审查并根据需要进行调整。

**Dave Chodos:** So, for example, if a particular owner knows that their
product is.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以，例如，如果一个特定的负责人知道他们的产品是。

**Dave Chodos:** In, uh, early availability right now, very little
usage. But it's gonna move to limited availability in Q4 and see a jump
in.

**Dave Chodos:**
现在处于早期可用阶段，使用量很少。但它将在第四季度转为有限可用，并出现一个跳跃。

**Dave Chodos:** Mid-september, then…. Lee can indicate in the forecast
that there will be a corresponding jump in the cost at that point.

**Dave Chodos:**
九月中旬，那么……Lee可以在预测中指出，届时成本将有相应的跳跃。

**Dave Chodos:** That profit, or, you know. Any AI tool like that
wouldn't be able to predict, because it….

**Dave Chodos:**
那个利润，或者，你知道的。任何像那样的AI工具都无法预测，因为它……

**Dave Chodos:** Wouldn't be indicated from the past historical results.
And so any of those manual changes that are made are kept from one month
to the next, so….

**Dave Chodos:**
无法从过去的历史结果中得到指示。所以任何那些手动做的改变都会从一个月保留到下一个月，所以……

**Dave Chodos:** The AI results don't just wipe it out the next time we
generate them.

**Dave Chodos:** AI的结果不会在我们下次生成时就把它抹掉。

**Dave Chodos:** So what this means is that our forecasts are really a
blend of AI and expert human input.

**Dave Chodos:**
所以这意味着我们的预测实际上是AI和专家人工输入的混合体。

**Dave Chodos:** The AI results give us a helpful starting point. And
then those adjustments from the budget owners, from those product
experts, are encouraged where they're needed to make sure that the
forecasts.

**Dave Chodos:**
AI的结果给了我们一个有帮助的起点。然后，来自预算负责人、那些产品专家的调整，在需要时是被鼓励的，以确保预测。

**Dave Chodos:** Are as accurate as possible.

**Dave Chodos:** 尽可能准确。

**Dave Chodos:** So what has the impact of all this been? Why did we do
this? What… how has it helped?

**Dave Chodos:**
那么这一切的影响是什么？我们为什么这么做？它……它有什么帮助？

**Dave Chodos:** So I want to look at it on a few different timeframes.

**Dave Chodos:** 所以我想从几个不同的时间框架来看待它。

**Dave Chodos:** From month to month, we have this. Cost tracking tool
that is then.

**Dave Chodos:** 从一个月到另一个月，我们有这个。成本跟踪工具，然后是。

**Dave Chodos:** Improved with the forecast. Information kind of layered
on top.

**Dave Chodos:** 通过预测得到改善。信息层层叠加。

**Dave Chodos:** And so these forecasts are provided on a per-product
basis, so for each of those 100 products, we get this.

**Dave Chodos:**
所以这些预测是按产品提供的，所以对于那100个产品中的每一个，我们都得到这个。

**Dave Chodos:** Tailored forecast for that product. They're updated
every month. And budget owners can then compare their actual costs to
those forecasts.

**Dave Chodos:**
为那个产品量身定制的预测。它们每个月都会更新。然后预算负责人可以将他们的实际成本与那些预测进行比较。

**Dave Chodos:** On a month-to-month basis. And respond as needed, and
as I talked about, they can take some of those proactive actions. If
they see that that forecast is climbing.

**Dave Chodos:**
按月进行。并根据需要做出回应，正如我所说，他们可以采取一些主动行动。如果他们看到那个预测在攀升。

**Dave Chodos:** And, uh, they can take action early to sort of. Rein in
those costs.

**Dave Chodos:** 而且，他们可以尽早采取行动来控制那些成本。

**Dave Chodos:** On a quarterly, sort of, one financial quarter to the
next basis.

**Dave Chodos:** 按季度，从一个财季到下一个财季。

**Dave Chodos:** We provide the financial planning and analysis team
with forecasts. And those are then provided onto the business as a
whole.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们向财务规划与分析团队提供预测。然后这些预测会提供给整个业务部门。

**Dave Chodos:** So that they are aware of our cloud costs and what
those look like from one quarter to the next.

**Dave Chodos:**
这样他们就能了解我们的云成本以及从一个季度到下一个季度的变化情况。

**Dave Chodos:** And then for point-click care leadership, they can take
that information and adjust investments in the.

**Dave Chodos:**
然后对于PointClickCare的领导层，他们可以利用这些信息来调整投资。

**Dave Chodos:** Across the business, to reflect shifting costs,
priorities. So, for example, there was some large project that we
thought was going to cost.

**Dave Chodos:**
在整个业务范围内，以反映变化的成本和优先级。所以，例如，有一个我们认为会花费……

**Dave Chodos:** \$500,000 in Q3. And we got to the end of the second
quarter, and realized that, oh.

**Dave Chodos:** 第三季度50万美元。我们到了第二季度末，意识到，哦。

**Dave Chodos:** Things have changed since it's actually only going to
cost \$200,000.

**Dave Chodos:** 情况发生了变化，因为它实际上只需要花费20万美元。

**Dave Chodos:** Then the business can be aware that, hey, we have
\$300,000.

**Dave Chodos:** 那么业务部门就可以意识到，嘿，我们有30万美元。

**Dave Chodos:** Kind of extra that we didn't think was going to be
present, and we can invest that in other places that will better serve
the business.

**Dave Chodos:**
额外的资金，我们之前没想到会有，我们可以把它投资到其他能更好地服务于业务的地方。

**Dave Chodos:** So that's from one quarter to the next. And then on an
annual basis, we've greatly simplified the budgeting process for all of
our engineering teams. So this saves about 60 engineering teams weeks of
effort at.

**Dave Chodos:**
所以这是从一个季度到下一个季度。然后按年度计算，我们大大简化了我们所有工程团队的预算流程。这为大约60个工程团队节省了数周的工作量。

**Dave Chodos:** Annual budget time, where they don't have to start from
scratch.

**Dave Chodos:** 年度预算时间，他们不必从零开始。

**Dave Chodos:** They can start with this AI-powered. Budget, uh,
beginning, and then layer in.

**Dave Chodos:** 他们可以从这个AI驱动的预算开始，然后加入。

**Dave Chodos:** Their own knowledge of what's happening with their
product at key.

**Dave Chodos:** 他们自己关于产品在关键时刻发生情况的知识。

**Dave Chodos:** Sort of deployment points, and…. Essentially provide
that.

**Dave Chodos:** 部署点，以及……基本上提供那个。

**Dave Chodos:** Ei and human expert blend of, here's our budget with
the.

**Dave Chodos:** AI和人类专家的混合，这是我们的预算。

**Dave Chodos:** Sort of most accurate information that we have. And
finally, we can look even longer term than one year to the next. We can
look two, three, five years down the road.

**Dave Chodos:**
我们拥有的最准确的信息。最后，我们甚至可以看得比一年更长远。我们可以展望两、三、五年后。

**Dave Chodos:** And help identify some long-term trends that. Uh, if
you're aware of them, we know what might be coming up down the road.

**Dave Chodos:**
并帮助识别一些长期趋势。如果你意识到它们，我们就知道未来可能会发生什么。

**Dave Chodos:** You can execute early intervention to avoid. Rising
costs or large problems.

**Dave Chodos:** 你可以尽早干预，以避免成本上升或大问题。

**Dave Chodos:** And so we'll get to that in a moment.

**Dave Chodos:** 我们马上就会讲到。

**Dave Chodos:** So I want to end with sort of this idea of, well,
what's in it for me? If….

**Dave Chodos:**
所以我想用这个想法来结束，好吧，这对我有什么好处？如果……

**Dave Chodos:** Uh, you're in an engineering or a finance role.
Hopefully, this answer is obvious. All of the above, all the things
we've talked about, the budgeting, the cost tracking, the forecasting.

**Dave Chodos:**
你在工程或财务岗位。希望这个答案是显而易见的。以上所有，我们谈到的所有事情，预算、成本跟踪、预测。

**Dave Chodos:** All of this… all these capabilities, all these tools
are available.

**Dave Chodos:** 所有这些……所有这些能力，所有这些工具都是可用的。

**Dave Chodos:** Are baked into this custom. Dashboard, this custom cost
framework that I talked about.

**Dave Chodos:**
都被整合到这个我谈到的自定义仪表盘、这个自定义成本框架中。

**Dave Chodos:** It is all there for you to use. Ask me if you have any
questions.

**Dave Chodos:** 这一切都供你使用。如果你有任何问题，请问我。

**Dave Chodos:** If you're not in one of those teams, and this is all….

**Dave Chodos:** 如果你不在那些团队中，而这一切……

**Dave Chodos:** Kind of new and unfamiliar. I want to encourage you to
really think about how this could apply to.

**Dave Chodos:** 有点新奇和陌生。我想鼓励你真正思考一下这如何能应用于。

**Dave Chodos:** The data and the challenges that you have in your role.

**Dave Chodos:** 你在你的角色中拥有的数据和挑战。

**Dave Chodos:** The tool is really quite widely applicable. I've been
talking about it in a cloud cost context, because that's sort of the
world that I'm in.

**Dave Chodos:**
这个工具的适用范围非常广。我一直在云成本的背景下谈论它，因为那是我所处的领域。

**Dave Chodos:** But really, it's applicable to any situation where you
have historical data.

**Dave Chodos:** 但实际上，它适用于任何你有历史数据的情况。

**Dave Chodos:** And you want to understand what. Friends, it's
indicating. So with this tool, historical data goes in.

**Dave Chodos:**
你想了解什么。朋友们，它正在指示。所以有了这个工具，历史数据输入进去。

**Dave Chodos:** Forecasts come out. And we can work with your contacts,
with your problem area, with your particular concerns.

**Dave Chodos:**
预测出来。我们可以与你的联系人、你的问题领域、你的特定关切合作。

**Dave Chodos:** And bring the capabilities of profit. To bear on the
challenges that you might have.

**Dave Chodos:** 并发挥Prophet的能力来应对你可能面临的挑战。

**Dave Chodos:** So, a few examples I want to talk about. So one thing
that we have in the….

**Dave Chodos:** 所以，我想谈几个例子。我们在……

**Dave Chodos:** Cloud and cloud finance world. Is we have long-term
contracts with our cloud providers, with Azure, for example.

**Dave Chodos:**
云和云财务世界。我们与我们的云提供商，比如Azure，有长期合同。

**Dave Chodos:** Where we have a long-term contract to. Get significant
savings in certain areas.

**Dave Chodos:** 我们有一个长期合同，可以在某些领域获得显著的节省。

**Dave Chodos:** In exchange for a spending commitment in that cloud
area. So, essentially, to go into that contract, we needed to have a
firm idea of what our long-term spending was going to be.

**Dave Chodos:**
以换取在该云领域的支出承诺。所以，基本上，要签订那个合同，我们需要对我们的长期支出有一个明确的想法。

**Dave Chodos:** And this profit tool was able to help us develop that
understanding, and.

**Dave Chodos:** 这个Prophet工具能够帮助我们建立那种理解，并且。

**Dave Chodos:** Packet as we've gone through this contract from one
year to the next.

**Dave Chodos:** 在我们逐年履行这份合同时，打包处理。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Dude, we're loving what's being shared here, and
there's quite a bit of activity in the chat, and we're hoping that you
can get to answer some of the chat questions.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
伙计，我们很喜欢这里分享的内容，聊天中有很多活动，我们希望你能回答一些聊天问题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, and there's a few questions for you in the
Q&A. We'd love for you to… to go ahead and answer those for the people
who have been attentively listening.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
问答区有几个问题给你。我们希望你能……去为那些一直在专心聆听的人回答那些问题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, we will move on to the next use case, and we
really appreciate you sharing this.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们将进入下一个用例，我们真的非常感谢你分享这个。

**Dave Chodos:** Yeah.

**Dave Chodos:** 是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** This with us. Thanks so much, Dave.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 与我们一起。非常感谢，Dave。

**Dave Chodos:** Okay, thank you.

**Dave Chodos:** 好的，谢谢你。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Somebody said Dave has never looked better.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 有人说Dave从未看起来这么好过。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Love it. Off to

**Marina Stojanovic:** 爱了。去……

### 用例15：Pawandeep Kaur & Victor Tarnovski - GitHub Copilot在工程中的应用

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, so for our next use case, we have
Pamdeep. Poindeep and Victor from Engineering on GitHub Copilot. Over to
the two of you!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，所以我们的下一个用例，我们有Pamdeep。来自工程部的Poindeep和Victor将介绍GitHub
Copilot。交给你们两位了！

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us. My
name is Pavandeep, and I'm here with Victor from Engineering Department
under Tom Andraca.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
大家下午好。感谢你们的加入。我叫Pavandeep，我和来自Tom
Andraca领导的工程部的Victor一起。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Can you see my screen?

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 你能看到我的屏幕吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** We can

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我们可以。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yes, we can.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的，我们可以。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Sorry, let me share it again. Today, we'd like to
share what our team has been working on, and some of the lessons we
learned along the way.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
抱歉，我再分享一次。今天，我们想分享我们团队一直在做的工作，以及我们在此过程中学到的一些教训。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** In March 2023, PointClicker acquired the patient
pattern as a strategic investment to advance value-based care and
better.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 2023年3月，PointClicker收购了Patient
Pattern，作为一项战略投资，以推进基于价值的护理并更好地。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Drive better patient outcomes. Following the early
exists launch in April 2024, stewardship of the product transitioned to
our engineering team.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
推动更好的患者结果。在2024年4月早期版本发布后，产品的管理权移交给了我们的工程团队。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Who brought strong expertise in Java and related
technologies. It became clear that while the product offered substantial
potential, it also presented several unforeseen challenges that require
careful attention moving forward.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
他们在Java和相关技术方面拥有强大的专业知识。很明显，虽然该产品提供了巨大的潜力，但它也带来了一些意想不到的挑战，需要我们在前进中仔细关注。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** From the outset, we recognized there were
significant challenges hidden beneath the surface.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 从一开始，我们就认识到表面之下隐藏着重大的挑战。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** The system had become complex over time. With quick
fixes, workarounds, and evolution from PCC standards, making
improvements slow and unpredictable.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
随着时间的推移，系统变得复杂。由于快速修复、变通方案以及与PCC标准的演变，使得改进变得缓慢且不可预测。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** The front end, inspired by patient pattern theme,
lacked PCC co-design styles.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 前端，受Patient
Pattern主题启发，缺乏PCC的协同设计风格。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Resulting in an inconsistent user experience. While
learning a new language like Python and Django wasn't a challenge,
adapting to the way frameworks were implemented created any extra
hurdles for us.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
导致用户体验不一致。虽然学习像Python和Django这样的新语言不是挑战，但适应框架的实现方式给我们带来了额外的障碍。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Routine changes started to require significant
efforts, and often impacted our performance, reliability, and
scalability.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
常规的变更开始需要巨大的努力，并经常影响我们的性能、可靠性和可扩展性。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Making it clear that we needed a more scalable,
unified foundation to deliver improvements faster and more confidently.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
这清楚地表明，我们需要一个更具可扩展性、更统一的基础，以便更快、更自信地交付改进。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** That's when we decided to try something different,
and bring AI into our transformation journey.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
那时我们决定尝试一些不同的东西，并将AI引入我们的转型之旅。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** We just two engineers, we rebuilt the platform in
three focus phases, all powered by AI.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
我们只有两名工程师，我们在三个重点阶段重建了平台，全部由AI驱动。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** First, we used GitHub Copilot and CloudSonnen to
untangle the maze.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 首先，我们使用GitHub
Copilot和CloudSonnen来解开这个迷宫。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Mapping workflows, doing class-by-class comparisons,
and building testament blueprints. This let everyone, engineers and
business folks, get streamlined.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
映射工作流程，进行逐类比较，并构建测试蓝图。这让每个人，无论是工程师还是业务人员，都能简化流程。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Next, put up those blueprints and put AI to work.
Migrating key modules.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 接下来，拿出那些蓝图，让AI开始工作。迁移关键模块。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** From Python to Java, modernizing the front end with
React, and connecting it all with mermaid diagrams, so we could catch
issues early.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
从Python到Java，用React现代化前端，并用Mermaid图（一种用于生成图表和流程图的标记语言）将所有东西连接起来，这样我们就能及早发现问题。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** In just one week, we had a working prototype.
Finally, we polish the product.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
仅仅一周，我们就有了可工作的原型。最后，我们打磨产品。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Iterating plot, performance gains, and catching
security vulnerabilities. Beyond the speed, what stood out most was the
clarity and assurance AI brought to our design.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
迭代情节、性能提升和捕捉安全漏洞。除了速度，最突出的是AI为我们的设计带来的清晰度和保证。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** And making decisions. And how it was making our
decisions.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 并做出决定。以及它如何做出我们的决定。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Very impactful. So what's… what did this
transformation mean for our team and our users?

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
非常有影响力。那么……这次转型对我们的团队和用户意味着什么？

**Pawandeep Kaur:** First, this transformation could reduce development
effort from one's estimated at 400 engineering hours.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
首先，这次转型可以将开发工作量从估计的400个工程小时减少。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** To just 20, allowing us to deliver value to
customers weeks sooner.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 到仅仅20小时，让我们能提前数周向客户交付价值。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** With improvement testing and streamlined workflows,
we can lower support. Needs and could strengthen user trust.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
通过改进测试和简化的工作流程，我们可以降低支持需求，并能增强用户信任。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Our system could handle twice the workload on the
same hardware without degrading the expected latency.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
我们的系统可以在相同的硬件上处理两倍的工作负载，而不会降低预期的延迟。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** We were able to automate 30% of repetitive tasks,
which was one of our greatest wins.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
我们能够自动化30%的重复性任务，这是我们最大的胜利之一。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** These benefits are based on measurable gains we saw
in our pilot version, demonstrating what's possible as we scale these
improvements.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
这些好处是基于我们在试点版本中看到的可衡量收益，展示了当我们扩展这些改进时可能实现的目标。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Looking back…. Uh, a few lessons really stand out.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 回顾过去……有几个教训非常突出。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** First, mapping out our workflows made a huge
difference. It turned uncertainty into clarity.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
首先，规划我们的工作流程带来了巨大的变化。它将不确定性变成了清晰。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Second, AI is a powerful tool. For speed and scale,
but it's the expertise of our people that ensures quality.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
其次，AI是一个强大的工具。在速度和规模方面，但确保质量的是我们员工的专业知识。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** And finally, quick wins matter. Every small success
builds momentum and helps teams stay engaged.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
最后，快速的胜利很重要。每一个小成功都会建立势头，并帮助团队保持参与。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** This approach isn't unique to our journey. Any PCC
team can take these steps, make work visible, combine AI with human
judgment.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
这种方法并非我们旅程独有。任何PCC团队都可以采取这些步骤，让工作可见，将AI与人类判断相结合。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** And keep moving forward. With this, I'll hand it
over to my colleague, who will walk us through a live demo.

**Pawandeep Kaur:**
并继续前进。就此，我把话筒交给我的同事，他将带我们进行现场演示。

**Pawandeep Kaur:** Of what this transformation looks like in action.

**Pawandeep Kaur:** 关于这次转型在实际行动中的样子。

**Victor Tarnovski:** Hello, everyone. Um…. Can you see my screen?

**Victor Tarnovski:** 大家好。你们能看到我的屏幕吗？

**Victor Tarnovski:** Yeah, okay. Um, alright, so, uh, today I'll be
going over, like, a live demo of our new, uh.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
是的，好的。好的，那么，今天我将进行一个关于我们新的……

**Victor Tarnovski:** Reactjs application and a Spring Root application.
But first, I'll be going over our old application quickly.

**Victor Tarnovski:** React.js应用程序和Spring
Boot应用程序的现场演示。但首先，我将快速介绍一下我们的旧应用程序。

**Victor Tarnovski:** So, first of all, our, like, old application, it
has, like, served our clients' needs for a long time.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
所以，首先，我们那个旧的应用程序，它已经为我们的客户服务了很长时间。

**Victor Tarnovski:** However, as Pandy mentioned, our clients' needs
are outsizing our, um.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
然而，正如Pandy提到的，我们客户的需求正在超出我们的……

**Victor Tarnovski:** Our framework and our application as it is. So,
that's why we decided to create a new application in ReactJS in Spring
Boot.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
我们的框架和我们的应用程序本身。所以，这就是为什么我们决定用ReactJS和Spring
Boot创建一个新的应用程序。

**Victor Tarnovski:** Like, even just, like, navigating through the
pages, for example, switching tabs.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 比如，即使只是浏览页面，例如切换标签页。

**Victor Tarnovski:** It takes a while to load. Since, um, Django only
supports server-side rendering.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 加载需要一些时间。因为，Django只支持服务器端渲染。

**Victor Tarnovski:** So, we can do better than this. So, uh, that's why
we decided to create, like, yeah, like, our React.js application. As you
can see, it's, uh, using.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
所以，我们可以做得更好。所以，这就是为什么我们决定创建，是的，像我们的React.js应用程序。正如你所看到的，它正在使用。

**Victor Tarnovski:** Our, um, evergreen styling, which will fit much
better with the PCC ecosystem as a whole.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
我们的常青风格，这将更好地与整个PCC生态系统相适应。

**Victor Tarnovski:** And it'll just be a much more, uh, consistent, uh,
user experience.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 这将是一个更一致的用户体验。

**Victor Tarnovski:** As well, as I mentioned with the rendering,
ReactJS allows us to use some.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 另外，正如我提到的渲染，ReactJS允许我们使用一些。

**Victor Tarnovski:** Client-side rendering, which will allow us to,
like, look at this, like.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 客户端渲染，这将让我们，比如，看这个，比如。

**Victor Tarnovski:** Look how quickly we can change tabs. Like, instant
tab changes, like, from completed to upcoming.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
看看我们切换标签页有多快。比如，即时切换标签页，从已完成到即将到来。

**Victor Tarnovski:** We can instantly open the residence at, uh,
information up. We cannot create new certifications right away.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
我们可以立即打开住所的信息。我们不能马上创建新的认证。

**Victor Tarnovski:** Searching is also just much quicker, and I think
our users will be delighted with this. I think that this will, uh, save
them a very big chunk of time, and.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
搜索也快得多，我想我们的用户会对此感到高兴。我认为这将为他们节省大量时间，并且。

**Victor Tarnovski:** Yeah, I think, uh, they'll be happy with it.
Hopefully as happy as I am with it.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
是的，我想，他们会对此感到满意的。希望他们能像我一样满意。

**Victor Tarnovski:** And onto the responsible use of AI. So, for our
project, and a lot of projects, like, that have been demoed today.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
接下来是负责任地使用AI。对于我们的项目，以及今天演示的很多项目。

**Victor Tarnovski:** We've kind of shown that we can develop so much
faster with these AI tools.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
我们已经展示了，使用这些AI工具，我们可以开发得更快。

**Victor Tarnovski:** But, um, we need to be careful. Uh, we need to
definitely spend the time we lost.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
但是，我们需要小心。我们肯定需要花时间弥补我们失去的。

**Victor Tarnovski:** Uh, I mean, the time we gained from, um. Uh,
you're generating our code, we need to spend more time on architecture,
on making quality, fast designs, making secure designs.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
我的意思是，我们从生成代码中获得的时间，我们需要花更多时间在架构上，在制作高质量、快速的设计上，在制作安全的设计上。

**Victor Tarnovski:** We really need to hammer down on this to ensure
we're not making, like, bloated AI code with, uh….

**Victor Tarnovski:**
我们真的需要在这方面下功夫，以确保我们不会制造出臃肿的AI代码，带有……

**Victor Tarnovski:** Like a… with thousands of security vulnerabilities
and performance issues, we don't want that. We want quality code.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
比如……带有数千个安全漏洞和性能问题，我们不想要那个。我们想要高质量的代码。

**Victor Tarnovski:** So that was definitely one of our biggest time
spending, was, uh, was the designing that actual application.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
所以那绝对是我们花费时间最多的地方之一，就是设计那个实际的应用程序。

**Victor Tarnovski:** And then finally, we need to be careful about the
AI tools we use.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 最后，我们需要小心我们使用的AI工具。

**Victor Tarnovski:** So, uh, even, like, even if this means that we
can't use tools as soon as they're released.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 所以，即使这意味着我们不能在工具一发布就使用它们。

**Victor Tarnovski:** We do need to do our due diligence to make sure
that we're not leaking any proprietary code or any information.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
我们确实需要尽职调查，以确保我们没有泄露任何专有代码或任何信息。

**Victor Tarnovski:** So, um, with this, I'd like to pass it off to any
questions.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 那么，就此，我将开放提问环节。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thank you, Palangeep, and Victor. We appreciate
you sharing this with us.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
谢谢你，Palangeep和Victor。我们感谢你与我们分享这个。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I don't see any questions for you in the chat
just yet, but if any of them do come up.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我现在在聊天中还没有看到任何问题，但如果有什么问题出现。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I will definitely be able to share them with you.
Uh, over to you, Arus and Keki.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我肯定会与你分享。交给你了，Arus和Keki。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Hey, Marina, just wondering if Eric is on the call,
if Eric was able to join?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
嘿，Marina，只是想知道Eric是否在通话中，Eric是否能加入？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I don't see it, good. Oh, okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我没看到，好的。哦，好的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I think he is hopping on right now.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我想他现在正在上线。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Sorry, I just saw one question come through, so
if… while he's hopping on, we can get, uh, Wandeep and Victor to answer
it for us.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
抱歉，我刚看到一个问题进来，所以如果……在他上线的时候，我们可以让Wandeep和Victor为我们回答。

**Marina Stojanovic:** What coding assistant do you use? Is it GitHub
Copilot?

**Marina Stojanovic:** 你用什么编码助手？是GitHub Copilot吗？

**Victor Tarnovski:** I…. Uh, yes, so we're using a co-pilot, uh, as,
um… I think this is, like, the….

**Victor Tarnovski:**
我……是的，所以我们正在使用一个Copilot，作为……我想这是，比如，那个……

**Victor Tarnovski:** Like, to my knowledge, the most, like, powerful,
uh, powerful one we have that is, uh, like, approved by security.

**Victor Tarnovski:**
据我所知，这是我们拥有的最强大、最强大的一个，而且是经过安全部门批准的。

**Victor Tarnovski:** So, yeah.

**Victor Tarnovski:** 所以，是的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Amazing. Awesome. Thank you. Over to you, Keki
University. I appreciate both of you jumping on today, Victor.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。太棒了。谢谢你。交给你了，Keki大学。我很感激你们两位今天都来参加，Victor。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, so while Eric is hopping on… oh wait!
There he is! Alright, for the interest of time, we're gonna skip her
while you wait, and we're gonna segue directly to Eric.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，在Eric上线的时候……哦等等！他来了！好的，为了节省时间，我们跳过等待环节，直接转到Eric。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, this is Eric and Arvush, who'll be on video
from Product Marketing and Product on Azure GPT. Over to you guys.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这是Eric和Arvush，他们将通过视频，从产品市场和产品角度介绍Azure
GPT。交给你们了。

### 用例16：Erik Stabile & Arush Sharma - 安全计划助手

**Erik Stabile:** Great. Um, thank you so much, everybody. Sorry for the
delay there. Um, I'm just gonna share my….

**Erik Stabile:** 太好了。非常感谢大家。抱歉耽搁了。我这就分享我的……

**Erik Stabile:** Screen here….

**Erik Stabile:** 屏幕在这里……

**Erik Stabile:** Okay, everything look good? You should be able to see
my screen.

**Erik Stabile:** 好的，一切看起来都好吗？你应该能看到我的屏幕。

**Erik Stabile:** Um, my name is Eric Stabil, I'm Product Marketing
Manager, and today I'll be presenting on the security.

**Erik Stabile:** 我叫Eric
Stabil，是产品市场经理，今天我将就安全问题进行演讲。

**Erik Stabile:** Program assistant on behalf of myself and Arush
Sharma, Senior Product Manager.

**Erik Stabile:** 我代表我自己和高级产品经理Arush
Sharma，介绍这个项目助手。

**Erik Stabile:** Uh, together in part with Rafat, uh, Rajudin, we used
Copilot Studios to tackle a challenge that we faced during the rollout
of our new security enhancements.

**Erik Stabile:** 我们与Rafat Rajudin部分合作，使用Copilot
Studios来解决我们在推出新的安全增强功能时面临的一个挑战。

**Erik Stabile:** Uh, for point-click care customers.

**Erik Stabile:** 为PointClickCare的客户。

**Erik Stabile:** Uh, when we launched our latest round of security
enhancements, we were flooded with questions from internal support
teams.

**Erik Stabile:**
当我们推出最新一轮的安全增强功能时，我们收到了来自内部支持团队的大量问题。

**Erik Stabile:** Customer success managers and customers. But the
answers…. Were often complex and specific. They were scattered across
multiple resources, making it difficult for teams to find consistent,
timely information, slowing down response times and increasing support
overhead.

**Erik Stabile:**
客户成功经理和客户。但答案……通常复杂且具体。它们分散在多个资源中，使得团队难以找到一致、及时的信息，从而减慢了响应时间并增加了支持开销。

**Erik Stabile:** To solve this problem, we introduced an AI-powered
agent embedded directly in Microsoft Teams and trained on all of our
relevant customer-facing content.

**Erik Stabile:** 为了解决这个问题，我们引入了一个直接嵌入到Microsoft
Teams中的AI驱动的智能体，并用我们所有相关的面向客户的内容对其进行了训练。

**Erik Stabile:** Now, instead of digging through lengthy FAQs, guides,
and slide decks, team members could simply ask the AI.

**Erik Stabile:**
现在，团队成员不必再翻阅冗长的常见问题解答、指南和幻灯片，他们可以直接问AI。

**Erik Stabile:** And receive context-aware responses. This reduced
response times, improving consistency, and freeing staff to focus on
higher-value work.

**Erik Stabile:**
并收到具有上下文感知的回应。这减少了响应时间，提高了信息的一致性，并让员工能专注于更高价值的工作。

**Erik Stabile:** Um, since launch, the agent has powered 150-plus
sessions with a 75% engagement rate.

**Erik Stabile:**
自推出以来，该智能体已支持超过150次会话，参与率达到75%。

**Erik Stabile:** And a 4 out of 5 satisfaction score among internal
users.

**Erik Stabile:** 在内部用户中获得了5分制中的4分满意度。

**Erik Stabile:** Uh, during live office hours, so we host weekly office
hours every week to answer customer questions around MFA.

**Erik Stabile:**
在现场办公时间，我们每周都会举办办公时间，回答客户关于MFA（多因素认证）的问题。

**Erik Stabile:** Um, during live office hours, it's empowered a
panelist to answer roughly one question per minute in real time.

**Erik Stabile:**
在现场办公时间，它赋能了一位小组成员，使其能实时地大约每分钟回答一个问题。

**Erik Stabile:** Boosting productivity and reducing friction for
customers. And of course, to be responsible, we added a disclaimer
reminding users to verify AI-generated content.

**Erik Stabile:**
提高了生产力，并减少了客户的摩擦。当然，为了负责任，我们添加了一个免责声明，提醒用户验证AI生成的内容。

**Erik Stabile:** For accuracy, uh, keeping our standards high while
moving fast. Um, so with that, I'm going to pass this off to Arush for
our demo.

**Erik Stabile:**
为了准确性，在快速行动的同时保持我们的高标准。那么，就此，我将把话筒交给Arush进行我们的演示。

**Erik Stabile:** Let's see here…. Let's take a behind-the-scenes look
at how you can create an agent for your use case.

**Erik Stabile:**
让我们看看……让我们来看看幕后，看看你如何为你的用例创建一个智能体。

**Erik Stabile:** At the top of the screen, you'll find the section
where you can enter a description.

**Erik Stabile:** 在屏幕顶部，你会找到一个可以输入描述的部分。

**Erik Stabile:** And define the purpose or objective of your agent.
Next, define the instructions for the security program assistant.

**Erik Stabile:**
并定义你的智能体的目的或目标。接下来，定义安全程序助手的指令。

**Erik Stabile:** Remember, the more specific your instructions are, the
more accurate the agent's responses will be.

**Erik Stabile:** 记住，你的指令越具体，智能体的回应就越准确。

**Erik Stabile:** You can turn on generative orchestration. This enables
the agent to use generative AI.

**Erik Stabile:** 你可以开启生成式编排。这使智能体能够使用生成式AI。

**Erik Stabile:** To decide how it responds. Making conversations more
natural and fluid for the user.

**Erik Stabile:** 来决定如何回应。让用户的对话更自然、更流畅。

**Erik Stabile:** Within Copilot Studio, knowledge sources work
alongside generative answers. When you add a knowledge source, your
agent can tap into enterprise data, whether it's from internal systems.

**Erik Stabile:** 在Copilot
Studio中，知识源与生成式答案协同工作。当你添加一个知识源时，你的智能体可以利用企业数据，无论它来自内部系统。

**Erik Stabile:** Public websites or external platforms. You can simply
drag and drop a file, or choose from the data sources listed below.

**Erik Stabile:**
公共网站或外部平台。你可以简单地拖放一个文件，或者从下面列出的数据源中选择。

**Erik Stabile:** In this setup, we've added SharePoint, along with
customer-facing. Documentation and help files.

**Erik Stabile:**
在这个设置中，我们添加了SharePoint，以及面向客户的文档和帮助文件。

**Erik Stabile:** And just recently, they released a new feature that
lets you integrate MCP servers too.

**Erik Stabile:**
最近，他们发布了一个新功能，让你也可以集成MCP（微软认证专家）服务器。

**Erik Stabile:** Rules in a co-pilot agent allow your agent to take
action beyond just answering questions.

**Erik Stabile:**
Copilot智能体中的规则允许你的智能体采取超越仅仅回答问题的行动。

**Erik Stabile:** They can trigger workflows, call APIs. Query
databases, or even perform tasks like resetting passwords or updating
records.

**Erik Stabile:**
它们可以触发工作流程，调用API，查询数据库，甚至执行像重置密码或更新记录这样的任务。

**Erik Stabile:** All based on user input. Think of tools as the hands
of your agent.

**Erik Stabile:** 全部基于用户输入。把工具想象成你智能体的手。

**Erik Stabile:** While the generative AI is the brain. Together, they
make the agent not just conversational, but truly functional.

**Erik Stabile:**
而生成式AI是大脑。它们共同使智能体不仅能对话，而且真正具有功能性。

**Erik Stabile:** Agents can work together by connecting with other
agents. This means your primary agent can delegate specific parts of a
workflow to another agent that's dedicated to handling those steps.

**Erik Stabile:**
智能体可以通过与其他智能体连接来协同工作。这意味着你的主智能体可以将工作流程的特定部分委托给另一个专门处理这些步骤的智能体。

**Erik Stabile:** It's a powerful way to break down complex processes.
Keep things modular, and ensure each agent focuses on what it does best.

**Erik Stabile:**
这是分解复杂流程的强大方式。保持模块化，并确保每个智能体都专注于它最擅长的事情。

**Erik Stabile:** While still delivering a seamless experience to the
user.

**Erik Stabile:** 同时仍然为用户提供无缝的体验。

**Erik Stabile:** Once your agent is ready, you can publish it directly
to Microsoft Teams.

**Erik Stabile:** 一旦你的智能体准备好了，你可以直接将它发布到Microsoft
Teams。

**Erik Stabile:** This makes the agent easily accessible to users within
your organization, right where they already collaborate.

**Erik Stabile:**
这使得你组织内的用户可以轻松访问这个智能体，就在他们已经协作的地方。

**Erik Stabile:** And communicate. It appears just like a regular Teams
app. It's a fast way to bring automation and support directly into daily
work conversations.

**Erik Stabile:**
并进行沟通。它看起来就像一个普通的Teams应用。这是一种将自动化和支持直接带入日常工作对话的快速方式。

**Erik Stabile:** This agent isn't just about saving time. It's about
reclaiming our attention for the work that matters most.

**Erik Stabile:**
这个智能体不仅仅是为了节省时间。它是为了让我们重新关注最重要的工作。

**Erik Stabile:** The problems that don't have obvious answers. If
you've ever thought someone should automate this.

**Erik Stabile:**
那些没有明显答案的问题。如果你曾想过有人应该自动化这个。

**Erik Stabile:** Searching, or there's got to be a smarter way. Then
take this as your sign.

**Erik Stabile:** 搜索，或者一定有更聪明的方法。那么就把这当作你的信号。

**Erik Stabile:** You're the someone. Built the agent you wish you had.
All right, thank you. Uh, any questions?

**Erik Stabile:**
你就是那个人。构建你希望拥有的智能体。好的，谢谢你。有什么问题吗？

**Erik Stabile:** And I'm happy to take those offline as well.

**Erik Stabile:** 我也很乐意在线下回答这些问题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I do see, um, one question in the…. Chat, sorry,
in the Q&A. Is this live, or is it in POC?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我确实在……聊天，抱歉，在问答区看到了一个问题。这是已经上线了，还是在概念验证（POC）阶段？

**Erik Stabile:** This is live. Yep, it's being used right now. We've
been using this for….

**Erik Stabile:** 这已经上线了。是的，现在正在使用。我们已经使用这个……

**Erik Stabile:** Almost, I would say, about a month now, um, and we
actively use it on a weekly basis, uh, especially during our.

**Erik Stabile:**
我想说，差不多一个月了，我们每周都会积极使用它，特别是在我们的。

**Erik Stabile:** Um, weekly customer Q&A sessions.

**Erik Stabile:** 每周客户问答环节。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Amazing. That's fantastic. Thank you so much! I
appreciate it. There's, again, lots of excitement for your use case.
Check out the chat, uh, and if there's anything that comes in after.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了。那太棒了。非常感谢！我很感激。再次，对你的用例有很多兴奋的讨论。看看聊天，如果之后有什么问题。

**Erik Stabile:** You're welcome.

**Erik Stabile:** 不客气。

**Marina Stojanovic:** We will let you know. Thanks again. And over to
you, Ruth and Keki.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们会通知你。再次感谢。交给你了，Ruth和Keki。

**Erik Stabile:** Great.

**Erik Stabile:** 太好了。

### 主持人互动：AI预测未来职业

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Thanks, Marina! Alright, so we have almost all
of our panelists here, so while we're getting our last one to join us,
why don't we do our last while you wait.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
谢谢，Marina！好的，我们几乎所有的小组成员都到齐了，所以在我们等待最后一位加入的时候，为什么不进行我们最后的“在你等待的时候”环节呢。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, before we go to our panel. So, Adriana, if
you could just share the screen for us, that would be awesome.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
在我们进入小组讨论之前。所以，Adriana，如果你能为我们分享屏幕，那就太棒了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And I will drop in the prompt that we're going
to be using.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我会把我们将要使用的提示放进去。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Into the chat as well. Oops.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 也放到聊天里。哎呀。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, let me grab this….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 好的，让我拿一下这个……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, so we want you to enter this into Copilot
on your web browser.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，所以我们希望你在你的网页浏览器上把这个输入到Copilot中。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, ask it… so I did on work, and so it
actually used my industry, so I would suggest that you do that as well.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
问它……所以我在工作上做了，所以它实际上用了我的行业，所以我建议你也这么做。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, ask it to find 3 unusual but fast-growing
job titles in my industry that didn't exist 10 years ago.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
让它在我所在的行业中找出3个不寻常但快速增长的、10年前不存在的职位名称。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** What do they do, and why are they emerging now?
And to be brief.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 他们做什么，为什么现在出现？并要简短。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So, drop that in, tell us what you got. Um, I
thought… so one of the ones that I got was really, really interesting.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
所以，把它放进去，告诉我们你得到了什么。我想……我得到的其中一个真的非常有趣。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** For mine, because I was using Copilot Work, it
searched in HR and the talent industry.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 对我来说，因为我用的是Copilot
Work，它在人力资源和人才行业进行了搜索。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And the most interesting one I got was Head of
Workforce of the Future.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我得到的最有趣的一个是“未来劳动力负责人”。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, what they do, this role focuses on
preparing the organization for merging work models, including hybrid
structures, AI integration, and skills-based hiring.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
他们做什么，这个角色专注于为组织准备合并的工作模式，包括混合结构、AI集成和基于技能的招聘。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And why it's emerging as companies face rapid
digital transformation and shifting employee expectations.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
以及为什么它正在出现，因为公司面临着快速的数字化转型和不断变化的员工期望。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** This will ensure strategic alignment between
future talent needs and evolving business models.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这将确保未来人才需求与不断演变的商业模式之间的战略一致性。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I thought this was really cool. Even just the
job title itself, like, I could definitely see why that would emerge.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我觉得这真的很酷。即使只是职位名称本身，我也能肯定地看到为什么它会出现。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** But head of workforce of the Future? I was
like, oh, that's pretty cool. I think I want to do some more research to
make sure that's legit and not a hallucination.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
但是未来劳动力的负责人？我就想，哦，那很酷。我想我需要做更多的研究，以确保那是合法的，而不是幻觉。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, but it was really cool to see that. Keki,
what did you get?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 但看到那个真的很高兴。Keki，你得到了什么？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I got something really interesting, and I feel like
I'm predicting the future right now. So these are my three roles, and I
feel like they might just, you know, happen in the future. The first one
is a prompt engineer.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我得到了一些非常有趣的东西，我觉得我现在就像在预测未来。这是我的三个角色，我觉得它们可能真的会在未来出现。第一个是提示工程师。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** The second one, my favorite, is a human-machine
matchmaker. And the third one was AI Ethics Specialist.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
第二个，我最喜欢的，是人机媒人。第三个是AI伦理专家。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I was particularly interested in the human-machine
matchmaker, and uh, yeah, for each role, it gave me specific details on
what they do, why is it emerging, and interestingly, it also gave me
citations.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我对人机媒人特别感兴趣，是的，对于每个角色，它都给了我关于他们做什么、为什么会出现的具体细节，有趣的是，它还给了我引文。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, I think it's probably because I always ask for
citations, but this time without asking, I….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我想这可能是因为我总是要求引文，但这次没有要求，我……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Did actually get some really interesting… what did
our audience get? I'm very curious. What were the roles that you.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
确实得到了一些非常有趣的……我们的观众得到了什么？我很好奇。你们得到的角色是什么？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Got from Copilot. Wow, I love this, Kate. Digital
health coach, AI Prompt Engineer, and clinical information… Informatics
analyst. That is so cool.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
从Copilot那里得到的。哇，我喜欢这个，Kate。数字健康教练、AI提示工程师和临床信息……信息学分析师。那太酷了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, this is something we definitely need now.
I see a lot of prompt engineering, too.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，这绝对是我们现在需要的。我也看到了很多提示工程。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh, yeah. Yep.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 哦，是的。是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, designing and refining prompts, which is
really interesting, because I think recently I heard that they don't
think that this will actually happen, because.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
设计和优化提示，这真的很有趣，因为我最近听说他们认为这实际上不会发生，因为。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** It's getting really smart, we have prompt
coach, we have all these things, so maybe there won't be as much of a
need for it.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
它变得非常聪明，我们有提示教练，我们有所有这些东西，所以也许对它的需求不会那么大。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So that's kind of interesting to see that
that's come up so often.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 所以看到这个经常出现，挺有趣的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I see a chief behavioral health strategist.
Design and implements integrated mental health and substance use
programs across state systems.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我看到一个首席行为健康策略师。设计并实施跨州系统的综合心理健康和物质使用项目。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Very interesting.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 非常有趣。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, lots of really cool metaverse experience
designer? That's very cool. What is that, exactly?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
很多很酷的元宇宙体验设计师？那很酷。那到底是什么？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I feel like that exists already in the metaverse,
so it's like a….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我觉得那在元宇宙里已经存在了，所以它就像一个……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I know that there are people that are really into
metaverse, and you can actually buy… I forget what they're called, but
they're, like.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我知道有些人真的对元宇宙很感兴趣，你实际上可以买……我忘了它们叫什么，但它们就像。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** You can buy virtual spaces in a metaverse. But very
interesting.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 你可以在元宇宙里购买虚拟空间。但非常有趣。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Chief AI Officer, I love that one. This might
actually happen.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 首席AI官，我喜欢那个。这可能真的会发生。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Is that your future aspiration? Is that… is
that where you want to go, Keki? Out of curiosity?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这是你未来的抱负吗？那是……那是你想去的地方吗，Keki？出于好奇？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Oh my god, I would love to. Chief Listening
Officer!

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 天哪，我很乐意。首席倾听官！

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Okay, I'm just gonna…. We're having some
technical challenges with our last panelist getting on the call, but I
think they will be joining us very shortly.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，我这就……我们最后一位小组成员上线上遇到了一些技术挑战，但我想他们很快就会加入我们。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Amazing.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 太棒了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay, do you want to do the next while we wait, if
you want?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
好的，你想在我们等待的时候做下一个吗，如果你想的话？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Still have them. Oh, perfect! Yay!

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 还有他们。哦，完美！耶！

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** No, she's here! She made it! Awesome! Okay,
Kathy, I'll leave it to you to introduce them, and then we'll get going.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
不，她在这里！她做到了！太棒了！好的，Kathy，我把介绍他们的任务交给你，然后我们开始。

## 专题讨论：AI在企业中的战略、伦理与未来

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay. Thank you, um….

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 好的。谢谢你……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Adriana, if you could just… perfect. If I could
just have all the panelists… I don't know if I'm missing….

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
Adriana，如果你能……完美。如果我能让所有的小组成员……我不知道我是否错过了……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Okay, perfect, there you go. Thank you, panelists,
for joining us. This AI Symposium, we decided to, um.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
好的，完美，好了。谢谢各位小组成员的加入。这次AI研讨会，我们决定……

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Bring to you, other than the use cases, a very
interesting combination, a very interesting panel, which includes.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
除了用例之外，还为您带来一个非常有趣的组合，一个非常有趣的小组讨论，其中包括。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Team members from across the organizations, from
various different levels and pointless care, and allow me to take a
minute to introduce each of our panelists. On the panel today, we have
Cedric Ann, our Vice President from Technical Services. We have Dean
Slosson, Vice President, Advanced Technology.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
来自组织各部门、不同级别和PointClickCare的团队成员，请允许我花一分钟时间介绍我们每一位小组成员。今天的小组讨论中，我们有来自技术服务部的副总裁Cedric
Ann。我们有先进技术部的副总裁Dean Slosson。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** We have Jared Pilter, who's the principal software
engineer. We have Lisa Jarrett, our Senior Director, Product Management.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我们有首席软件工程师Jared
Pilter。我们有产品管理高级总监Lisa Jarrett。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And we have Rahim Harshmani, who's our Vice
President, Technology and Support Services. So, please, um, give a, you
know, virtual round of applause for our panel, and let's get started.
Over to you, Arusa. We're very excited for the panel.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我们还有技术与支持服务副总裁Rahim
Harshmani。所以，请为我们的小组献上虚拟的掌声，让我们开始吧。交给你了，Arusa。我们对这个小组讨论非常期待。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** All right, thank you, Keki. Alright, so I have
a series of questions for the panelists, as what you would expect from a
panel.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，谢谢你，Keki。好的，我有一系列问题要问小组成员，正如你对一个小组讨论所期望的那样。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** My first question, and this question is for
Rahim and Jared.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我的第一个问题，这个问题是给Rahim和Jared的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** One new AI tools or technologies are you most
excited about, and why?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 你对哪些新的AI工具或技术最感到兴奋，为什么？

**Rahim Hashwani:** Happy to start. Uh, so first, thanks for having us.
Seen some great.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
很高兴能开始。首先，谢谢你们邀请我们。看到了一些很棒的。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Demos, um, inspiring demos, and I'm eager to see how
today's gonna help accelerate our AI story.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
演示，鼓舞人心的演示，我渴望看到今天将如何帮助加速我们的AI故事。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Getting back to your question, there are two
technologies that I'm personally excited about. The first is AI video
generation, content generation. I dabbled in digital animation ages ago.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
回到你的问题，有两项技术我个人非常兴奋。第一是AI视频生成，内容生成。我很久以前就涉足过数字动画。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Uh, so that's always been an area of interest for
me. Um, but the stuff that can be generated now with just a
two-dimensional picture, an audio clip, uh, maybe a prompt is just
incredible.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
所以那一直是我感兴趣的领域。但是现在仅用一张二维图片、一个音频片段，或许一个提示就能生成的东西，简直是不可思议。

**Rahim Hashwani:** And I mean, besides the nefarious deepfake stuff,
like, some of the actual creative digital content, um, it's just… it's
gonna rival, if it isn't already, somebody.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
我的意思是，除了那些邪恶的深度伪造（deepfake）东西，比如，一些真正的创意数字内容，它简直……它将要，如果不是已经，与某些东西相媲美。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Studio, so I think I'm really looking forward to
seeing what happens with that.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 工作室，所以我真的很期待看到那会发生什么。

**Rahim Hashwani:** The other area that has a ton of practical
application for us, um, is autonomous AI agents, right? You know, agents
that can consume.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
另一个对我们有大量实际应用的领域是自主AI智能体，对吧？你知道，能够消费的智能体。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Inputs and data, and then plan, and reason, and act
autonomously across our digital environments.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
输入和数据，然后规划、推理，并在我们的数字环境中自主行动。

**Rahim Hashwani:** They're becoming more and more capable, and that's a
tremendous opportunity for us to harvest and automate the mundane, or
even eliminate it.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
它们变得越来越有能力，这对我们来说是一个巨大的机会，可以收获并自动化那些繁琐的事情，甚至消除它们。

**Rahim Hashwani:** I don't want to think about it, right? Autonomous
customer, employee-facing agent, uh, that can research an issue and not
only recommend a solution, but actually handle.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
我不想去想它，对吧？自主的、面向客户、面向员工的智能体，它能研究一个问题，不仅能推荐一个解决方案，还能实际处理。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Workflows, or write code to implement the solution
with. Human guidance and guardrails. You have to have the human in the
loop, uh, but we could do so much more with the same resources.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
工作流程，或者编写代码来实现解决方案。有人工指导和护栏。你必须有人在环，但我们可以用同样的资源做更多的事情。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Um, and we're actually investigating and
experimenting with that in TSS.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 我们实际上正在TSS（技术支持服务）中调查和实验这个。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Using Copilot Studio and ServiceNow.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 使用Copilot Studio和ServiceNow。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, I've been dabbling a little bit myself
and playing around with agents, and you know, as I read about what's
coming for the future, I hear a lot of that, like, delegating tasks to
agents, and building them. There's a lot of exciting things happening
there.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我自己也稍微涉足了一下，玩了玩智能体，你知道，当我读到关于未来的东西时，我听到了很多，比如，把任务委托给智能体，并构建它们。那里有很多令人兴奋的事情正在发生。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, Jared, what are you excited about?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Jared，你对什么感到兴奋？

**Jared Pilcher:** So, what I'm most excited about is actually for AI
for coding, um, agentic.

**Jared Pilcher:** 所以，我最兴奋的实际上是用于编码的AI，也就是智能体。

**Jared Pilcher:** Development. Um, I think there's a lot of opportunity
there for.

**Jared Pilcher:** 开发。我认为那里有很多机会。

**Jared Pilcher:** Uh, for us as humans, to grow with, um, as the
companies to accelerate with.

**Jared Pilcher:** 对于我们人类来说，与公司一起成长，一起加速。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, there's… there's so much, I think, that we forget
as engineers.

**Jared Pilcher:** 我认为，作为工程师，我们忘记了很多东西。

**Jared Pilcher:** Problems we can be solving. And focusing more on a
strategic level, a higher level can really help us, uh, and, and….

**Jared Pilcher:**
我们可以解决的问题。更多地关注战略层面，一个更高的层面，真的能帮助我们，而且……

**Jared Pilcher:** Producing code faster, uh, I think is going to be,
uh.

**Jared Pilcher:** 更快地生成代码，我认为将会是……

**Jared Pilcher:** An exciting opportunity to solve more problems,
more…. Uh, more challenges. And, um, I see a time when.

**Jared Pilcher:**
一个解决更多问题、更多挑战的激动人心的机会。而且，我看到了一个时代。

**Jared Pilcher:** We'll be able to, uh, drastically improve our, or
speed up our.

**Jared Pilcher:** 我们将能够大幅改善或加速我们的。

**Jared Pilcher:** Our development so much that. Um, the number one
question is how do we align better with it?

**Jared Pilcher:**
我们的开发如此之快，以至于……头号问题是我们如何能更好地与之对齐？

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, and I think that's gonna be a key focus, and
something that we're all going to have to, uh.

**Jared Pilcher:** 我认为这将是一个关键的焦点，也是我们所有人都必须……

**Jared Pilcher:** Put our… put our heads together and figure out
together. But I am so stoked and excited for agentic development. I
think it presents a lot of opportunity.

**Jared Pilcher:**
齐心协力，共同解决。但我对智能体开发感到非常兴奋和激动。我认为它带来了很多机会。

**Jared Pilcher:** Not only to help our company, but, um. The… I think
the industry….

**Jared Pilcher:** 不仅能帮助我们的公司，而且……我认为这个行业……

**Jared Pilcher:** Industry-wide, we're gonna see a lot of. Great new
products and challenges being.

**Jared Pilcher:**
在整个行业范围内，我们将看到很多伟大的新产品和挑战正在。

**Jared Pilcher:** Being fixed, addressed.

**Jared Pilcher:** 被修复、被解决。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That's really, really exciting. I see different
advancements happening, even just on the coding side, it's really cool
to see what it's able to do. I like the point that you're saying we're
doing it together, right, and thinking about what that means for the
future.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
那真的非常令人兴奋。我看到不同的进步正在发生，即使只是在编码方面，看到它能做什么真的很酷。我喜欢你说的我们一起做，对吧，并思考这对未来意味着什么。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, the next question I have is for Cedric and
Jared.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我下一个问题是给Cedric和Jared的。

**Cedric Anne:** Before… before you get to the next question, Arisa. Um,
so that it doesn't seem like this is very co-pilot generated.

**Cedric Anne:**
在……在你问下一个问题之前，Arisa。这样就不会显得这很像是Copilot生成的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Oh, sorry. Yeah!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 哦，抱歉。是的！

**Cedric Anne:** Um, I think…. Yeah, that's a… that's the cool thing
around doing an AI symposium, you can actually challenge the AI, because
that's what we do as humans.

**Cedric Anne:**
我认为……是的，这就是举办AI研讨会的酷炫之处，你实际上可以挑战AI，因为这就是我们作为人类所做的。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, to just put a… to just put a kind of a quote
between all the things that Rahim and Jared were mentioning.

**Cedric Anne:** 只是在Rahim和Jared提到的所有事情之间加一个引言。

**Cedric Anne:** I think for… the one thing we need to all think about,
and….

**Cedric Anne:** 我认为……我们都需要思考的一件事，而且……

**Cedric Anne:** And live in, there's going to be a shift in human
potential, as exactly as.

**Cedric Anne:** 而且生活在其中，人类的潜力将会发生转变，正如。

**Cedric Anne:** Other things have done in the history of humankind.
There has been a shift, and we expect it to continue to be the case, a
shift in human potential, and the.

**Cedric Anne:**
人类历史上的其他事物所做的那样。已经发生了转变，我们预计这种情况将继续下去，人类潜力的转变，以及。

**Cedric Anne:** Sooner we accept it, the sooner we work with it. Uh,
the sooner we put it as part of our strategy, our relationship, how we
care.

**Cedric Anne:**
我们越早接受它，就越早与它合作。我们越早把它作为我们战略、我们关系、我们如何关怀的一部分。

**Cedric Anne:** The better the octum. There you go.

**Cedric Anne:** 结果就越好。就是这样。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** To ride the wave, right? The wave is coming,
you gotta ride it, get your surfboard, right? You know, I totally hear
you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
乘风破浪，对吧？浪来了，你得驾驭它，拿起你的冲浪板，对吧？你知道，我完全理解你。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, okay, well, my next question is actually
for you and Jared, so maybe you can start off with, uh, with answering
it. The question is.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，我下一个问题实际上是给你们和Jared的，所以或许你可以从回答它开始。问题是。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** How do you envision AI transforming internal
operations and productivity in the next 5 years?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 你如何设想AI在未来5年内改变内部运营和生产力？

**Cedric Anne:** Well, let me start, because I'm the one talking, right?
Exactly.

**Cedric Anne:** 好吧，让我开始，因为我正在说话，对吧？完全正确。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Kind of a nice segue, right?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 这是一个很好的过渡，对吧？

**Cedric Anne:** So, when we look back, um, and I think in the next 5
years, we'll go back and how this decade, essentially.

**Cedric Anne:**
所以，当我们回顾过去，我想在未来5年，我们会回顾这个十年，基本上。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, the work will be redefined. How we define work is.

**Cedric Anne:** 工作将被重新定义。我们如何定义工作是。

**Cedric Anne:** In progress of getting redefined. Um, AI becoming
native part of how work happens.

**Cedric Anne:**
正在被重新定义的过程中。AI正在成为工作发生方式的原生部分。

**Cedric Anne:** And… and not just…. Enabling or helping us with certain
things, but embedded into what we do.

**Cedric Anne:**
而且……不仅仅是……赋能或帮助我们做某些事情，而是嵌入到我们所做的事情中。

**Cedric Anne:** Similar to how Excel is de facto when we need to do
spreadsheet.

**Cedric Anne:** 类似于当我们要做电子表格时，Excel是事实上的标准。

**Cedric Anne:** Ai becomes embedded with all the things we do. So
there's, um….

**Cedric Anne:** AI融入了我们所做的所有事情。所以有……

**Cedric Anne:** And the cool example… well, cool, not so cool, but cool
example I use to.

**Cedric Anne:** 还有一个很酷的例子……嗯，酷，也不算太酷，但我用来……

**Cedric Anne:** To illustrate that is…. Um, you actually don't go to a
dashboard to see what is going on, how the things roll up.

**Cedric Anne:**
来说明这一点的是……你实际上不是去仪表盘看发生了什么，事情是如何汇总的。

**Cedric Anne:** The dashboard comes to you. So when we realized that,
and that's going to be the transformation that, over time, we'll see
embedded in all the things we do.

**Cedric Anne:**
仪表盘会来找你。所以当我们意识到这一点，这将是随着时间的推移，我们将看到嵌入到我们所做所有事情中的转变。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Mm-hmm.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 嗯哼。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, so…. When… when we think about, yeah.

**Cedric Anne:** 所以……当我们……当我们思考，是的。

**Cedric Anne:** All going great, but why we're all here, we're all
employed, we're all people, we're all doing a job. It's not going to
replace what we do.

**Cedric Anne:**
一切都很好，但我们为什么都在这里，我们都被雇佣，我们都是人，我们都在做一份工作。它不会取代我们所做的事情。

**Cedric Anne:** I think it's gonna more so release, um…. Releases us
from the grind.

**Cedric Anne:** 我认为它会更多地释放……让我们从繁重的工作中解脱出来。

**Cedric Anne:** Because I think that's the… that's a good way of…. Of
putting it, um, grinding in terms of, you know, whether it's.

**Cedric Anne:**
因为我认为那是……那是一个很好的说法……把它说成，在……方面磨砺，你知道，无论是。

**Cedric Anne:** Sending meeting notes, which is something now that. Can
absolutely be done that much more efficient.

**Cedric Anne:** 发送会议记录，现在这件事。绝对可以做得更有效率。

**Cedric Anne:** Duplication of work, putting entries in two systems.
Rahim, NetSuite, and Salesforce.

**Cedric Anne:**
重复工作，在两个系统中输入条目。Rahim，NetSuite和Salesforce。

**Cedric Anne:** Right? Today, I'm here for putting kudos all across.
Um…. Well, that's the kind of thing that we should expect in the next 5
years to be things from the past. We're always going to do migration of
work.

**Cedric Anne:**
对吧？今天，我在这里是为了到处点赞。嗯……好吧，这就是我们应该期望在未来5年内成为过去的事情。我们总是要做工作迁移。

**Cedric Anne:** But at the same time, the migrations become that much
more.

**Cedric Anne:** 但与此同时，迁移变得更加。

**Cedric Anne:** Well, intuitive and not just feel…. Grinding. Um….

**Cedric Anne:** 嗯，直观，而不仅仅是感觉……费力。嗯……

**Cedric Anne:** Um, and I'll probably end on this note for this
question. Muscle memory, I think, is something that's gonna, uh.

**Cedric Anne:** 我可能会用这个来结束这个问题。肌肉记忆，我认为，是会……

**Cedric Anne:** Be one of the challenges, or one of the things we're
going to be asked to change and evolve.

**Cedric Anne:** 成为挑战之一，或者说我们将被要求改变和发展的事情之一。

**Cedric Anne:** The things we do as muscle memory. When you add AI on
top of it, the next 5 years, things will look a lot more seamless, a lot
more contextual.

**Cedric Anne:**
我们凭肌肉记忆做的事情。当你在上面加上AI，未来5年，事情会看起来更无缝，更具上下文。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Mm-hmm.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 嗯哼。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, but at the same time, you know, you'll feel certain
things become invisible.

**Cedric Anne:** 但与此同时，你知道，你会感觉到某些事情变得无形。

**Cedric Anne:** Let's just be ready, accepting. And hope… and
essentially, yeah, welcoming this kind of change.

**Cedric Anne:**
让我们准备好，接受。并希望……基本上，是的，欢迎这种改变。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, you said something that was interesting
to me, too, like, having it… having information at the tips of your
fingertips, right? Instead of having to look for it, having things in
multiple places, being able to just find it instantly.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，你也说了一些让我感兴趣的事情，比如，让信息触手可及，对吧？而不是需要去寻找，把东西放在多个地方，能够立即找到它。

**Cedric Anne:** Great.

**Cedric Anne:** 太好了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So that you can make decisions more quickly,
and you have all the relevant information. It's super exciting to see.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这样你就能更快地做出决定，并且你拥有所有相关信息。看到这个超级令人兴奋。

**Cedric Anne:** Absolutely.

**Cedric Anne:** 当然。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, Jared, what about you?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Jared，你呢？

**Jared Pilcher:** So, for me, um, this is an interesting question. So,
at the beginning of this year.

**Jared Pilcher:** 对我来说，这是一个有趣的问题。所以，在今年年初。

**Jared Pilcher:** I thought that we wouldn't be giving. Uh, Agentech
software development, any serious thought, uh, until maybe next year.

**Jared Pilcher:**
我以为我们不会对智能体软件开发给予任何认真的考虑，直到明年。

**Jared Pilcher:** Uh, then, uh, when I saw Claude 4 come out, and
Gemini 2.5, and how well they developed.

**Jared Pilcher:** 然后，当我看到Claude 4和Gemini
2.5出来，以及它们开发得有多好时。

**Jared Pilcher:** I was really quite shocked. Um, I think that we are
entering.

**Jared Pilcher:** 我真的非常震惊。我认为我们正在进入。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, this much faster than we expected, and I think.
We're a software developers, we just, uh….

**Jared Pilcher:**
比我们预期的要快得多，我认为。我们是软件开发人员，我们只是……

**Jared Pilcher:** You need to hang on, because we're about to, uh….
We're gonna… we're gonna see some sharp changes really fast.

**Jared Pilcher:**
你得坚持住，因为我们马上就要……我们会……我们会很快看到一些剧烈的变化。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, but don't be afraid of it. Ride the wave. And
let's figure it out together. Um, the….

**Jared Pilcher:** 但是不要害怕它。乘风破浪。让我们一起解决它。那个……

**Jared Pilcher:** The underlying goal is to speed up our productivity.
I see that time and again with our, um….

**Jared Pilcher:** 根本目标是提高我们的生产力。我一次又一次地在我们的……

**Jared Pilcher:** You know, the conversations I've had with our VPs.
Um, it's… it's a focus on… on trying to improve our productivity, so
hang on.

**Jared Pilcher:**
你知道，我和我们的副总裁们的对话。这是……这是专注于……专注于提高我们的生产力，所以坚持住。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, the one thing that I really want AI to do, that I
think that is a talked about enough.

**Jared Pilcher:** 我真正希望AI做的一件事，我认为这已经被充分讨论过了。

**Jared Pilcher:** Is, uh, it prompting us, and improving our
communication among each other.

**Jared Pilcher:** 是，它提示我们，并改善我们之间的沟通。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, that's something that really, like, most
organizations suffer with. Is a, uh, communication issues.

**Jared Pilcher:** 这是大多数组织都面临的问题。是沟通问题。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, and also…. It, it, uh, it needs to challenge us.

**Jared Pilcher:** 而且……它需要挑战我们。

**Jared Pilcher:** So that we understand what we know, what we don't
know.

**Jared Pilcher:** 这样我们就能理解我们知道什么，不知道什么。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, and all, like, potential avenues we could take.
Um, so that's what I expect AI.

**Jared Pilcher:** 以及所有我们可能采取的潜在途径。所以这就是我期望AI。

**Jared Pilcher:** In an abstract way to do for us. I just don't know
yet how yet it'll be applied.

**Jared Pilcher:**
以一种抽象的方式为我们做。我只是还不知道它将如何被应用。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That's actually really cool, where it's
actually prompting us to do things, right? I mean, I think I've used it
for communication to change for different audiences, um, and to think
about how I can communicate, but it'll be interesting to see what the
next evolution could look like.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
那真的很酷，它实际上在提示我们去做事情，对吧？我的意思是，我想我用它来为不同的受众改变沟通方式，并思考我如何能沟通，但看看下一次进化会是什么样子会很有趣。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** My next question is for Lisa, uh, Jared, and
Cedric. This question is, how can teams foster a culture of innovation
and openness to AI technologies? We've actually touched on this a little
bit here, a little bit here and there.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我的下一个问题是给Lisa、Jared和Cedric的。这个问题是，团队如何能培养一种对AI技术创新和开放的文化？我们实际上在这里稍微触及了这一点。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, especially when we talk about riding the
wave, but what are other ways that teens can foster that culture of
innovation?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
特别是当我们谈到乘风破浪时，但还有哪些其他方式可以培养那种创新文化？

**Lisa Jarrett:** I'll start. Um…. What has worked in multiple
organizations in which I've done AI.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我先说。在我做过AI的多个组织中，行之有效的方法是。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Is when you're looking at a problem to solve. Um, or
something to do with coding, um, that needs to be done. Ask first what.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
当你正在看一个要解决的问题时。或者与编码有关的事情，需要完成。先问什么。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Can I add you, right? Go to that first, um, as your
starting point. Um, or if it can't do all of it, can it do part of it?

**Lisa Jarrett:**
我能加你吗？对吧？先去那个，作为你的起点。或者如果它不能全部做到，它能做一部分吗？

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and then ask, um, should AI? Do it, right? It… it…
because not everything has to be AI. Um….

**Lisa Jarrett:**
然后问，应该用AI吗？做吧，对吧？它……它……因为不是所有事情都必须是AI。嗯……

**Lisa Jarrett:** Are other approaches better suited? Rules-based,
right? Um, and then just try, try, try with rapid experimentation.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
其他方法是否更适合？基于规则的，对吧？然后就用快速实验来尝试，尝试，再尝试。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, so some of that's a mindset. Some of that's a
behavior change.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 所以其中一些是心态问题。一些是行为改变。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Mm-hmm.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 嗯哼。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and, um…. Another part of a practice that, um,
I've done.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 而且，我做过的另一个实践部分是。

**Lisa Jarrett:** And I see a lot of other people doing, and I see it.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我看到很多其他人在做，我也看到了。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Very beneficial, is just set aside part of a day, like
15 minutes, or….

**Lisa Jarrett:** 非常有益，就是每天留出一点时间，比如15分钟，或者……

**Lisa Jarrett:** You know, two times a week, or an hour a week.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 你知道，一周两次，或者一周一小时。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and just read, read, read, read, read. Um….

**Lisa Jarrett:** 就只是读，读，读，读，读。嗯……

**Lisa Jarrett:** Set yourself a challenge, and then go after it. Right,
personally.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 给自己设定一个挑战，然后去追求它。对，个人而言。

**Lisa Jarrett:** And then see how you can accelerate that across with
the team.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 然后看看你如何能与团队一起加速这个过程。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Looking at it from multiple different dimensions.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 从多个不同维度来看待它。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, I think you're experimentation point,
especially, it is… there is a learning curve, right? Although I think AI
is getting smarter and smarter as time is going on, what that learning
curve is less, but there is one, and so you have to kind of be willing
to play with it.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我认为你的实验点，特别是，它……有一个学习曲线，对吧？虽然我认为随着时间的推移，AI变得越来越聪明，那个学习曲线变小了，但还是有的，所以你必须愿意去玩它。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And see what happens, and have that curiosity
to see what happens. Otherwise, you might get frustrated when you're not
getting exactly what you want. And there are tools to help with that as
well as training that's available, too.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
看看会发生什么，并有那种好奇心去看看会发生什么。否则，当你得不到你想要的东西时，你可能会感到沮丧。有工具可以帮助解决这个问题，也有可用的培训。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, Cedric and Jared, thoughts?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Cedric和Jared，有什么想法吗？

**Cedric Anne:** Yeah, I can go next. Um…. When I think about, and I'll
probably share the leadership view of it, um, I think it starts with
permission.

**Cedric Anne:**
是的，我可以下一个。当我思考，我可能会分享领导层的观点，我认为这始于许可。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, permission for teams to experiment? To your point,
to be curious.

**Cedric Anne:** 允许团队进行实验？就你的观点而言，要保持好奇心。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, because the big things that has happened through
life, again, just to take this as an example.

**Cedric Anne:** 因为生活中发生的大事，再次，就拿这个作为例子。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, just happen in small ways, and then it just grew
bigger, and then bigger, and….

**Cedric Anne:**
只是以小的方式发生，然后它就变得越来越大，越来越大，然后……

**Cedric Anne:** And then it becomes big grapefruits. So, when I think
about, um.

**Cedric Anne:** 然后它就变成了大葡萄柚。所以，当我想到……

**Cedric Anne:** One of my teams, actually, in…. And how this….

**Cedric Anne:** 我的一个团队，实际上，在……以及这个如何……

**Cedric Anne:** Think, or this thought of putting culture of
innovation. Um, we brought a team into tech services a couple of months
ago, and the one thing we ask.

**Cedric Anne:**
思考，或者这种培养创新文化的想法。几个月前，我们把一个团队带到了技术服务部门，我们要求的一件事是。

**Cedric Anne:** This team to think about is, what would you automate.
Um, or would you do differently?

**Cedric Anne:**
这个团队要思考的是，你会自动化什么。或者你会做些什么不同的事情？

**Cedric Anne:** Slash automation in all the things you do. And then we
got a slew of ideas.

**Cedric Anne:**
在你做的所有事情中都加入自动化。然后我们得到了一大堆想法。

**Cedric Anne:** And then tried many of them. And then the ones that
were, um….

**Cedric Anne:** 然后尝试了很多。然后那些是……

**Cedric Anne:** We're essentially defined as being that much better,
and…. And had a… had a breakthrough, they are, today, automated or are
becoming an agent, or something along those lines. So I think the
results are….

**Cedric Anne:**
我们基本上被定义为好得多，并且……并且有了一个……有了一个突破，它们今天，是自动化的，或者正在成为一个智能体，或者类似的东西。所以我认为结果是……

**Cedric Anne:** Are incredible if we allow, uh, if we give the
permission.

**Cedric Anne:** 如果我们允许，如果我们给予许可，那将是不可思议的。

**Cedric Anne:** To experiment. And for us leaders, normalizing that
approach is very important, and I can.

**Cedric Anne:**
去实验。对于我们领导者来说，将这种方法常态化非常重要，而且我可以。

**Cedric Anne:** Making sure that we're also rewarding. Um, when there's
a….

**Cedric Anne:** 确保我们也在奖励。当有一个……

**Cedric Anne:** You know, uh…. Great crews and new things coming out,
and….

**Cedric Anne:** 你知道……优秀的团队和新事物的出现，以及……

**Cedric Anne:** Doing that over perfection, I think, is the important
piece. Um, and then, and then just….

**Cedric Anne:**
我认为，追求完成而非完美，是重要的一环。然后，然后只是……

**Cedric Anne:** Finish on that is, you know, when we think about. Um,
is there a better way to, uh, Lisa's point, is there a better way to do
something?

**Cedric Anne:**
最后一点是，你知道，当我们思考。嗯，是否有更好的方法，就像Lisa说的，是否有更好的方法来做某事？

**Cedric Anne:** Um, I think the…. The organization… as an organization,
we should be… feel empowered, we should be okay.

**Cedric Anne:**
我认为……这个组织……作为一个组织，我们应该……感到被赋能，我们应该没问题。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, to see, yeah, go and build it. And that's, uh….

**Cedric Anne:** 去看，是的，去构建它。那是……

**Cedric Anne:** That's a change in the approach that I have taken,
and….

**Cedric Anne:** 这是我采取的方法上的一个改变，而且……

**Cedric Anne:** And I wish, um, and I hope others are following the
path, because I think that's going to be super impactful for our teams.

**Cedric Anne:**
我希望，而且我希望其他人也在走这条路，因为我认为这对我们的团队将产生巨大的影响。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** You have to be willing to invest the time up
front, right, to save all that time later.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
你必须愿意预先投入时间，对吧，才能在以后节省所有那些时间。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, and I also really like both of what you and
Lisa said. It's about… it's the… asking yourself the right type of
questions, right? Like, what can we automate.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
而且我也很喜欢你和Lisa说的。这是关于……这是……问自己正确类型的问题，对吧？比如，我们能自动化什么。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, what is something that can happen, right?
Um, is there a better way to do this? Asking those types of questions is
going to help you figure out what are good applications or good use
cases for it.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
可能会发生什么，对吧？有没有更好的方法来做这个？问这些类型的问题会帮助你弄清楚什么是好的应用或好的用例。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, Jared, you want to chime in?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Jared，你想插话吗？

**Jared Pilcher:** Yeah, for sure. Um, so…. I love that we have… already
have a great culture of sharing what we do.

**Jared Pilcher:**
是的，当然。所以……我喜欢我们已经有了一个分享我们所做事情的伟大文化。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, and being vulnerable, and being open to learning,
I feel like.

**Jared Pilcher:** 而且，我觉得，要勇于示弱，并对学习持开放态度。

**Jared Pilcher:** We already have a lot of that. I've seen a lot of
that.

**Jared Pilcher:** 我们已经有很多了。我看到了很多。

**Jared Pilcher:** Very happy to see that. Um. I… we have started an AI
community practice a couple years ago.

**Jared Pilcher:** 很高兴看到这个。我……我们几年前开始了一个AI社区实践。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, that's still continuing. If, uh…. We'll send the
link, uh, to the channel. Please join us, and let's….

**Jared Pilcher:**
那还在继续。如果……我们会把链接发送到频道。请加入我们，让我们……

**Jared Pilcher:** Let's continue the conversation. I see we've chosen a
few different channels.

**Jared Pilcher:** 让我们继续对话。我看到我们选择了一些不同的渠道。

**Jared Pilcher:** Trying to bring those conversations and general AI
conversations. Uh, throughout engineering, especially, um, into….

**Jared Pilcher:**
试图将那些对话和一般的AI对话带入……特别是在整个工程领域。

**Jared Pilcher:** Into the set of channels, so please join us. Um, and
uh….

**Jared Pilcher:** 进入频道集，所以请加入我们。而且……

**Jared Pilcher:** You know, I think one thing, too, is that, um.
Focusing… learning not only how we can apply.

**Jared Pilcher:**
你知道，我认为还有一件事，就是……专注于……学习不仅是如何应用。

**Jared Pilcher:** These large language models, but also how they work
under the hood.

**Jared Pilcher:** 这些大型语言模型，还有它们在底层是如何工作的。

**Jared Pilcher:** Is a very important thing for us, uh, for us all to
learn, at least at some level.

**Jared Pilcher:** 对我们来说，至少在某种程度上，学习这一点非常重要。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, we need to understand that in order to understand
what the, uh.

**Jared Pilcher:** 我们需要理解这一点，才能理解……

**Jared Pilcher:** What its, uh, limitations are. And, uh, what we're…
what we're missing.

**Jared Pilcher:** 它的局限性是什么。以及，我们……我们缺少什么。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, in terms of what it can…. Predict for us what it
can, um.

**Jared Pilcher:** 在它能做什么方面……为我们预测它能做什么……

**Jared Pilcher:** What it can do to help us, uh…. Uh, you know, with
some tweaks, what can we… what else can we achieve?

**Jared Pilcher:**
它能做什么来帮助我们……你知道，通过一些调整，我们能……我们还能实现什么？

**Jared Pilcher:** You know, what have we not thought of, so…. Uh,
continue learning and, uh, and joining these communities that we find. I
found pockets of it.

**Jared Pilcher:**
你知道，我们没有想到什么，所以……继续学习，并加入我们找到的这些社区。我发现了一些小团体。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, yeah, let's talk, and let's commute the…. Keep
the conversation going.

**Jared Pilcher:** 是的，我们来谈谈，让我们……保持对话的进行。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That's always better to learn together, right?
I mean, even if you think about the AI Symposium itself, it's showcasing
it is the opportunity to learn from each other.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
一起学习总是更好的，对吧？我的意思是，即使你思考AI研讨会本身，它展示的就是互相学习的机会。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, and to piggyback off of people who are
doing exciting things, who have tried exciting things that could work
for your particular department.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
并且借鉴那些正在做令人兴奋的事情的人，那些尝试过可能对你特定部门有用的令人兴奋的事情的人。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** There are also several use cases today that
actually showed under the hood how they're doing things, right? How do
they actually build it? What are the things that they considered?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
今天还有几个用例实际上展示了他们是如何在幕后做事的，对吧？他们实际上是如何构建它的？他们考虑了哪些事情？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, and though I think having an idea of that
is definitely helpful.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 而且我认为对此有所了解肯定是有帮助的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, I'm gonna move to our next question. We're
gonna shift a little bit here, thinking a little bit more about the
healthcare industry and the intersection with AI.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我要转到下一个问题。我们在这里要稍微转变一下，更多地思考医疗健康行业与AI的交集。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** The question is for Lisa, Dean, and Rahim. In
what ways do you think AI will disrupt or enhance.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这个问题是给Lisa、Dean和Rahim的。你认为AI将以何种方式颠覆或增强。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** The healthcare industry as a whole. And, you
know, we talked about this throughout a little bit, but I'd love to hear
your thoughts.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
整个医疗健康行业。你知道，我们稍微谈到了这一点，但我很想听听你的想法。

**Dean Slawson:** I can start. I mean, I would focus on how we at
PointClick Care will disrupt the healthcare industry with AI and our
products, and.

**Dean Slawson:**
我可以开始。我的意思是，我会专注于我们PointClickCare如何用AI和我们的产品来颠覆医疗健康行业，并且。

**Dean Slawson:** I mean, one area that we're working on is addressing
the… I call it the caregiver deficit, I mean.

**Dean Slawson:**
我的意思是，我们正在努力的一个领域是解决……我称之为护理人员赤字，我的意思是。

**Dean Slawson:** One of our most precious resources, and that of our
caregivers, is.

**Dean Slawson:** 我们最宝贵的资源之一，也是我们护理人员的资源，是。

**Dean Slawson:** Our time and attention. There's never enough to go
around, so….

**Dean Slawson:** 我们的时间和注意力。永远都不够用，所以……

**Dean Slawson:** You know, whether that's due to the shortage of
caregivers, or just too many distractions, too much information, the
quality of care suffers.

**Dean Slawson:**
你知道，无论是由于护理人员短缺，还是仅仅是太多的分心，太多的信息，护理质量都会受到影响。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, and the experience of caregivers suffers, you
know, they burn out, which makes things worse. It's kind of a vicious
cycle.

**Dean Slawson:**
而且护理人员的体验也会受到影响，你知道，他们会精疲力竭，这让事情变得更糟。这是一种恶性循环。

**Dean Slawson:** And we're disrupting that by using AI in our products
to really make a transformational improvement in productivity.

**Dean Slawson:**
我们正在通过在我们的产品中使用AI来颠覆这一点，以真正地在生产力上实现转型性的提升。

**Dean Slawson:** And efficiency. So, for example, right now we're using
AI to summarize and surface the most critical information, um, from
unstructured data for a variety of use cases, like our work on the AI
assistant, and then for acute and payer, we have the reasons for
transfer model. Those are both moving forward.

**Dean Slawson:**
和效率。所以，例如，现在我们正在使用AI来总结和呈现最关键的信息，从非结构化数据中，用于各种用例，比如我们在AI助手上的工作，然后对于急症和支付方，我们有转诊原因模型。这两个都在向前推进。

**Dean Slawson:** But that's just really scratching the surface of what
we can do. I mean, alerts could be so much smarter with AI.

**Dean Slawson:**
但那真的只是触及了我们能做的皮毛。我的意思是，有了AI，警报可以变得更智能。

**Dean Slawson:** Uh, reducing alert fatigue. A lot of tasks can be
automated. We're working on AI to make, like, the MDS nurse role, like,
10 times more efficient.

**Dean Slawson:**
减少警报疲劳。很多任务可以自动化。我们正在研究AI，让MDS（最低数据组）护士的角色效率提高10倍。

**Dean Slawson:** So, like, imagine taking a role that has. You know,
fully loaded cost of, like, \$100,000 a year and making it 10 times more
efficient. You know, you've saved.

**Dean Slawson:**
所以，想象一下，一个每年总成本约为10万美元的角色，让它效率提高10倍。你知道，你已经节省了。

**Dean Slawson:** The customer \$90,000, I would think we could
recapture some of that as, you know, software revenue.

**Dean Slawson:**
客户9万美元，我想我们可以把其中一部分作为软件收入收回。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, but with AI, we're just gonna disrupt healthcare
by allowing practitioners to focus on what they do best.

**Dean Slawson:**
但是有了AI，我们将通过让从业者专注于他们最擅长的事情来颠覆医疗健康。

**Dean Slawson:** Working more productively, more efficiently, using
their time better, and then letting the AI.

**Dean Slawson:** 更高效地工作，更好地利用他们的时间，然后让AI。

**Dean Slawson:** Do what it does… what it does best, summarizing,
prioritizing, automating tasks.

**Dean Slawson:** 做它最擅长的事情，总结、优先排序、自动化任务。

**Dean Slawson:** I can give more examples, but maybe let other folks
speak a little bit as well.

**Dean Slawson:** 我可以举更多例子，但或许也让其他人说几句。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** It dovetails pretty nicely with our vision,
right? To help them deliver exceptional care, that's… it can help us
enable them to do that more effectively.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这与我们的愿景非常契合，对吧？帮助他们提供卓越的护理，这……它可以帮助我们让他们更有效地做到这一点。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Yeah. Uh, do Dean did a great job of kind of
summarizing the PCC specifics, so I'll go a little bit broader.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
是的。Dean很好地总结了PCC的具体情况，所以我会说得更宽泛一些。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Lisa, I saw you come off, so tell us what you
think.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Lisa，我看到你发言了，所以告诉我们你的想法。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, across, uh, the health ecosystem and the array of
different processes that.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 在整个健康生态系统和各种不同的流程中。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Uh, that we work with. Um, one of the things I'm most
excited about, uh, for AI.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我们与之合作。我最兴奋的事情之一，对于AI。

**Lisa Jarrett:** And advances with data interoperability is the
opportunity to right-size administration.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 以及数据互操作性的进步，是实现行政管理规模适度的机会。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, so in the United States, and I'm sorry, I don't
have the statistic for Canada.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 所以在美国，我很抱歉，我没有加拿大的统计数据。

**Lisa Jarrett:** But I do have a statistic for the United States. Um,
30 cents of every dollar that's spent.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 但我确实有美国的统计数据。每花一美元，就有30美分。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Roughly, on healthcare goes to administration. Not
care. Um, and you add that up over the trillions of dollars that we
spend, and it's really quite outrageous.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
大致上，花在医疗保健上的钱都用在了行政上。不是护理。你把我们花费的数万亿美元加起来，这真的相当离谱。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and I think that, um…. With models, with, um,
agents, with, um.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我认为……有了模型，有了智能体，有了……

**Lisa Jarrett:** Appropriately refined agentic AI, um, and Dean knows
what I mean by that, but I'll explain.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
适当精炼的智能体AI，Dean知道我这么说的意思，但我会解释。

**Lisa Jarrett:** In a minute. Um, I think we have the opportunity to
change that ratio.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 稍后。我认为我们有机会改变那个比例。

**Lisa Jarrett:** And it's the best opportunity we've ever had in
history to be able to right-size that.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
这是我们历史上最好的机会，能够将其规模调整到合适的大小。

**Lisa Jarrett:** So, that's… that's one space that I think is amazing.
Um, and the other place is really across the healthcare ecosystem,
right? Those transitions of care.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
所以，那……那是一个我认为很棒的领域。另一个地方是整个医疗健康生态系统，对吧？那些护理的过渡。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, uh, better awareness, better use of, um, of….
Relevant data. Um, getting it to the right person ahead of a transition.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
更好的意识，更好地利用……相关数据。在过渡之前把它交给正确的人。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and then enabling, um, you know, better care
through those transitions overall.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 然后，你知道，通过那些过渡，实现更好的整体护理。

**Lisa Jarrett:** I think the opportunities, particularly with Agentic
on that, are incredibly exciting.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我认为机会，特别是在智能体方面，非常令人兴奋。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, uh, and I'll just…. Put a note in on Agentic.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我只是……在智能体上加个注。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Everybody who knows me knows I say this a lot, but,
um, there are good places for Agentic.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
认识我的人都知道我经常这么说，但是，智能体有它适合的地方。

**Lisa Jarrett:** And there are places in healthcare where, at agendic,
you have to really look closely.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
在医疗健康领域，有些地方，在智能体方面，你必须非常仔细地看。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** You said a question earlier that made me think
of kind of what you said right now, like, a point earlier, which is,
like, should.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
你之前说的一个问题让我想到了你刚才说的，比如，之前的一个观点，就是，应该。

**Lisa Jarrett:** To see if that's exactly the right place, particularly
with, um….

**Lisa Jarrett:** 看看那是否是确切的正确位置，特别是对于……

**Lisa Jarrett:** Autonomous or semi-autonomous. Workflows, so….

**Lisa Jarrett:** 自主或半自主的工作流程，所以……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Should this be AI, right? So sometimes asking
yourself critically, especially as we think about the healthcare
applications.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这应该是AI吗？对吧？所以有时要批判性地问自己，特别是当我们思考医疗健康应用时。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Like you said, in some places, it's great. In
other places, maybe it shouldn't be, right? So thinking more critically
about that.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
就像你说的，在某些地方，它很棒。在其他地方，也许它不应该存在，对吧？所以要更批判性地思考这个问题。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Rahim, what do you have to add?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Rahim，你有什么要补充的吗？

**Rahim Hashwani:** For enhancement, um, I think speed. Velocity, and
again, automation, right?

**Rahim Hashwani:** 为了增强，我认为是速度。速度，再次，是自动化，对吧？

**Rahim Hashwani:** Automating the mundane, getting rid of the
administrative burden on our caregivers so they can actually provide
care, um, in terms of velocity, think of, um.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
自动化繁琐的工作，减轻我们护理人员的行政负担，让他们能真正提供护理，在速度方面，想想……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That actually segues quite nicely to the next
question that I have. Uh, this is for Cedric and Dean.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这实际上很好地过渡到了我的下一个问题。这是给Cedric和Dean的。

**Rahim Hashwani:** You know, like, enhanced imaging, for example,
right? There are actually areas where.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 你知道，比如增强成像，对吧？实际上有些领域。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Where AI is outperforming radiologists on, you know,
in certain areas, like detecting strokes or early stages of cancer. You
know, AI.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
AI在某些领域，比如检测中风或早期癌症方面，表现优于放射科医生。你知道，AI。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Tools can analyze the images with greater speed,
perhaps greater accuracy, and reduce that, um….

**Rahim Hashwani:**
工具可以以更快的速度，或许更高的准确性来分析图像，并减少那个……

**Rahim Hashwani:** That time to get that information across to the
caregiver, um, you know, personal experience, you know, if you're going
to a doctor, it takes a few days to get the image and then get that
analysis back.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
将信息传递给护理人员的时间，你知道，个人经验，如果你去看医生，需要几天时间才能拿到影像，然后再得到分析结果。

**Rahim Hashwani:** And if you're an e-merge, or, you know, maybe it's a
few hours.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 如果你是紧急情况，或者，你知道，也许是几个小时。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Rather than a few days, but you can get that
instantly. So that….

**Rahim Hashwani:** 而不是几天，但你可以立即得到。所以那个……

**Rahim Hashwani:** Time that administrative burden gets removed so that
you can spend more time on that care, and you get that information
sooner. I mean, that's an area where it can be enhanced and disruptive,
for sure.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
行政负担的时间被移除了，这样你就可以花更多的时间在护理上，并且你更快地得到那些信息。我的意思是，那是一个可以被增强和颠覆的领域，肯定的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** What strategic steps should our organization
take to remain at the forefront of AI innovation in healthcare?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我们的组织应该采取哪些战略步骤，以保持在医疗健康领域AI创新的前沿？

**Cedric Anne:** Let me get started. Um, I think there…. As an
organization, it's… it's high time to shift from exploring.

**Cedric Anne:**
让我开始吧。我认为……作为一个组织，现在是时候从探索转向。

**Cedric Anne:** To make it as part of the operation, so…. The time to…
to explore is….

**Cedric Anne:** 把它作为运营的一部分，所以……探索的时间是……

**Cedric Anne:** Is behind the ball. I think it's time to put it into
the operation to try to fail to do this again.

**Cedric Anne:**
已经落后了。我认为是时候把它投入到运营中，去尝试，去失败，再来一次。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, what we've done as an organization, and it's very
clear from leadership, it's….

**Cedric Anne:** 我们作为一个组织所做的，从领导层来看非常清楚，是……

**Cedric Anne:** Ai is a core business strategy. It's…. More than
initiative, it's not….

**Cedric Anne:** AI是核心业务战略。它……不仅仅是倡议，它不是……

**Cedric Anne:** An innovation into a lab. It's a core business
strategy. We heard it from Dave, you heard it from….

**Cedric Anne:**
实验室里的创新。它是一个核心的业务战略。我们从Dave那里听到了，你从……

**Cedric Anne:** Many times, so it's very clear where it's coming from,
and then it's very clear.

**Cedric Anne:** 很多次，所以很清楚它来自哪里，然后很清楚。

**Cedric Anne:** That it's part of, uh, and should be included in our
DNA going forward.

**Cedric Anne:** 它是我们未来DNA的一部分，并且应该被包含在内。

**Cedric Anne:** So when we think about where we need to embed it as an
organization, um, whether it's onboarding, whether it's implementation
efficiency, it's product, obviously, you heard it from Lisa and.

**Cedric Anne:**
所以当我们思考作为一个组织，我们需要在哪里嵌入它时，无论是入职、实施效率，还是产品，显然，你从Lisa和……

**Cedric Anne:** And Dean, it's customer support timelines, all the
things that we have to do, and making it part of the core business
strategy.

**Cedric Anne:**
和Dean那里听到了，是客户支持的时间线，所有我们必须做的事情，并把它作为核心业务战略的一部分。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, the second…. Second point that I'd like to make on
this one.

**Cedric Anne:** 第二……我想就这一点提出的第二点是。

**Cedric Anne:** Is around access. Um, I think…. Um, the more we
democratize.

**Cedric Anne:** 是关于访问权限。我认为……我们越是民主化。

**Cedric Anne:** Access to it, the better it is as a utility, as a….

**Cedric Anne:** 访问它，它作为一种实用工具，作为一种……

**Cedric Anne:** As, uh…. As a business form going forward.

**Cedric Anne:** 作为……作为一种未来的商业形式。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, prompt libraries is a good example for that, so….
It's… it might be daunting for some people to just ask the AI in a
certain way, but then when you hear it of somebody else, how they've
done it.

**Cedric Anne:**
提示库就是一个很好的例子，所以……对一些人来说，以某种方式问AI可能很困难，但当你听到别人是怎么做的。

**Cedric Anne:** It becomes that much more clearer in capabilities and
the things we can do with it.

**Cedric Anne:** 在能力和我们能用它做什么方面，就变得更加清晰了。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, and probably the… the third point that I'd like to
make is….

**Cedric Anne:** 可能……我想提出的第三点是……

**Cedric Anne:** Um…. Well, as we get so many ideas, as we look at all
the things we can do with it, I think as an organization, we need to… we
have the duty.

**Cedric Anne:**
嗯……好吧，当我们有这么多想法，当我们看到所有我们能用它做的事情时，我认为作为一个组织，我们需要……我们有责任。

**Cedric Anne:** And it… it is, from all of us, to make sure that we're
doing the things that's going to get us.

**Cedric Anne:**
而且……这是我们所有人的责任，确保我们正在做那些能让我们。

**Cedric Anne:** To win, and not just cool stuff, or…. Doing it just
because we can. I think there, as an organization, it's not where.

**Cedric Anne:**
获胜，而不仅仅是酷炫的东西，或者……只是因为我们能做而做。我认为在那里，作为一个组织，那不是……

**Cedric Anne:** It's critical, um, that if…. It needs to be for the
right reason, reducing costs, improving care, obviously, it's why we're
here.

**Cedric Anne:**
这很关键，如果……它需要有正当的理由，降低成本，改善护理，显然，这就是我们在这里的原因。

**Cedric Anne:** Accelerate the outcomes, implement faster, better, more
data quality. So all the things in such a way.

**Cedric Anne:**
加速成果，更快、更好地实施，更高的数据质量。所以所有的事情都以这样一种方式。

**Cedric Anne:** That allows us to win, and give us a chance and an
opportunity to win in the markets that we're in.

**Cedric Anne:**
让我们能够获胜，并给我们一个在我们所在市场中获胜的机会。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, so, yeah, that…. Would probably be the strategic
steps that I'd like to share with you guys, and uh….

**Cedric Anne:**
所以，是的，那……可能就是我想和你们分享的战略步骤，而且……

**Cedric Anne:** And make sure that we continue forward with it.

**Cedric Anne:** 并确保我们继续前进。

**Dean Slawson:** Yeah, that's good. Oh, go ahead.

**Dean Slawson:** 是的，那很好。哦，请讲。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** We actually… sorry, I'm gonna just say it
quickly, we actually do have an AI prompt library that's up on the PCC
AI Hub. Um, Marina's just dropped it in the chat as well, so we'll
continue to add to it, and if you have your prompts, feel free to send
them.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我们实际上……抱歉，我很快说一下，我们实际上有一个AI提示库，在PCC AI
Hub上。Marina也把它放到了聊天里，所以我们会继续添加，如果你有你的提示，请随时发送。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** But at least it is a good starting place. Uh,
sorry, Dean, over to you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 但至少这是一个好的起点。抱歉，Dean，交给你了。

**Dean Slawson:** Yeah, no, those are great ideas, and I think the thing
I would focus on is we need to invest in our approach to.

**Dean Slawson:**
是的，不，那些都是很好的想法，我认为我应该关注的是，我们需要投资于我们的方法。

**Dean Slawson:** Iterating more rapidly with these capabilities, AI
capabilities, and the associated user experiences.

**Dean Slawson:** 更快地迭代这些能力，AI能力，以及相关的用户体验。

**Dean Slawson:** So there is some tooling and customer engagement
refinements that we can do, but that's the thing, learning faster with
our customers is the thing that's going to help us pull ahead.

**Dean Slawson:**
所以有一些工具和客户互动方面的改进我们可以做，但关键是，与我们的客户一起更快地学习，将帮助我们领先。

**Dean Slawson:** There's such a wide range of technologies that fall
under the AI umbrella. There's not all large language models, there's,
you know.

**Dean Slawson:**
AI这个大伞下有如此广泛的技术。不全是大型语言模型，还有，你知道的。

**Dean Slawson:** Small language models, there's parameter fine-tuned.
Models, there's a very… I could go on, there's dozens of them, and more
coming every day.

**Dean Slawson:**
小型语言模型，有参数微调的模型，有一个非常……我可以继续说下去，有几十种，而且每天都有新的出现。

**Dean Slawson:** And new large language models. So, these all have
tremendous potential, but only if we apply the right technologies.

**Dean Slawson:**
和新的大型语言模型。所以，这些都有巨大的潜力，但前提是我们应用了正确的技术。

**Dean Slawson:** The right way to the right problems, and that's a
collaboration across disciplines.

**Dean Slawson:** 正确的方式解决正确的问题，这是一个跨学科的合作。

**Dean Slawson:** Because, look, not every application of AI that we
expect to work.

**Dean Slawson:** 因为，你看，不是每一个我们期望能工作的AI应用。

**Dean Slawson:** Is gonna work in practice with real users in
production at scale the way we think it will. So, we need to set
ourselves up to make intelligent, well-reasoned choices about which tech
might work.

**Dean Slawson:**
都会像我们想的那样，在生产环境中与真实用户大规模地工作。所以，我们需要做好准备，做出明智、合理的选择，决定哪种技术可能有效。

**Dean Slawson:** In which products, uh, you know, to solve, and the
user experience.

**Dean Slawson:** 在哪些产品中，你知道，来解决问题，以及用户体验。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, and then, you know, we've got to, like, find ways
to go faster. We make those educated guesses, and we try them out.

**Dean Slawson:**
然后，你知道，我们得想办法走得更快。我们做出那些有根据的猜测，然后我们去尝试。

**Dean Slawson:** Iterate quickly. If we can converge on the high-value
solution faster than our competitors, we win.

**Dean Slawson:**
快速迭代。如果我们能比我们的竞争对手更快地收敛到高价值的解决方案上，我们就赢了。

**Dean Slawson:** And we win big. And if we can't, we lose, no matter
how good the ideas are. If we cannot stay ahead of competitors and just
stay ahead of the market in learning and trying and iterating and
refining.

**Dean Slawson:**
而且我们大获全胜。如果我们做不到，我们就输了，无论想法有多好。如果我们不能在学习、尝试、迭代和完善方面领先于竞争对手，并保持市场领先。

**Dean Slawson:** And get them to be good enough, you know, it's not
getting them to be perfect, just getting them to be good enough that
we're delivering differentiated value. We can do that, but it's going to
take a little bit of focus and investment.

**Dean Slawson:**
并让它们足够好，你知道，不是让它们完美，只是让它们足够好，以至于我们能提供差异化的价值。我们可以做到，但这需要一些专注和投资。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, thanks, Dean. I mean, something you said
touched on the question that we're going to be asking next. This
question is for Lisa, Dean, and Rahim.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，谢谢，Dean。我的意思是，你说的某些话触及了我们接下来要问的问题。这个问题是给Lisa、Dean和Rahim的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** What ethical considerations should we be
mindful of when deploying AI in healthcare settings? So, Lisa, I know
you've touched on this a little bit in your previous responses, but do
you want to tell us a little bit more?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
在医疗健康环境中部署AI时，我们应该注意哪些伦理考虑？所以，Lisa，我知道你在之前的回答中稍微触及了这一点，但你想告诉我们更多吗？

**Lisa Jarrett:** Or, um, there's a lot to consider, um, in putting
this, uh, in healthcare settings, uh, responsible AI.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
或者，在将这个……在医疗健康环境中应用时，有很多需要考虑的，负责任的AI。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Has so many different dimensions to it. Um, uh, a
quick guide for those that are listening, um.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
有很多不同的维度。对于正在听的各位，这里有一个快速指南。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Folks know, uh, PCC is an ONC-certified. Um, EHR. Um,
we last year had to go through a process of, um.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
各位知道，PCC是一个ONC（美国国家卫生信息技术协调办公室）认证的EHR（电子健康记录）。我们去年必须经过一个……

**Lisa Jarrett:** Doing that… that certification for new AI. Focused
area. Um, and ONC came up with a shorthand, which is FADES.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
做那个……那个针对新AI的认证。重点领域。ONC想出了一个缩写，就是FADES。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Uh, the F is for fairness. Um, the A is for
appropriate, that's a big one.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
F代表公平（Fairness）。A代表适当（Appropriate），这是一个很重要的。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, V is for valid. Effective and safe.

**Lisa Jarrett:** V代表有效（Valid）。有效（Effective）和安全（Safe）。

**Lisa Jarrett:** So, um…. Our customers are looking to us, right, to do
the responsible thing for them.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 所以……我们的客户指望我们，对吧，为他们做负责任的事情。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, they don't necessarily have the resources to… to
look deeply across all of these different dimensions.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 他们不一定有资源去……去深入审视所有这些不同的维度。

**Lisa Jarrett:** So as we move forward with AI parts of our product.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 所以当我们推进我们产品的AI部分时。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, it's… they're looking to us. To do the testing and
do the work, and make it transparent, and make it understandable, and do
the risk management that's associated with it.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
他们指望我们。去做测试，去做工作，让它透明，让它易于理解，并做与之相关的风险管理。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Be transparent about what data sources are being used.
Um, so there's a lot of different dimensions.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 对正在使用的数据源保持透明。所以有很多不同的维度。

**Lisa Jarrett:** And the last point I'll make is that it's not a
one-and-done.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我要说的最后一点是，这不是一次性的事情。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, when you put an AI capability inside of a product.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 当你把一个AI能力放到一个产品里时。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, you don't do RAI at once. You do it throughout the
entire life cycle, and you keep doing it.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
你不是一次性做完RAI（负责任的AI）。你在整个生命周期中都要做，并且要持续做。

**Lisa Jarrett:** After you've deployed it, because things change.
Right? You're… you may enhance it and add things to it that might
introduce other risks.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
在你部署之后，因为情况会变。对吧？你……你可能会增强它，并添加一些东西，这可能会引入其他风险。

**Lisa Jarrett:** You have to document what you're doing about those
risks. You need to be able to educate your users about what you're doing
about that.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
你必须记录你正在对那些风险做什么。你需要能够教育你的用户你正在做什么。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and keep them informed. So, um, kind of keeping
that user-focused lens, right, um, on making sure you're being clear and
answering their questions and concerns.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
并让他们知情。所以，保持那种以用户为中心的视角，对吧，确保你清晰地回答他们的问题和关切。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and addressing them proactively is… is really
where the opportunity space is.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 并主动解决它们，这才是真正的机会所在。

**Lisa Jarrett:** For PCC, um, as a thought leader, and, um, as a fund
market leader.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 对于PCC，作为一个思想领袖，以及一个基金市场领导者。

**Dean Slawson:** Yeah, I could add to that. That was a great summary. I
mean, Aris, you were asking about ethical considerations, and.

**Dean Slawson:**
是的，我可以补充一点。那是一个很好的总结。我的意思是，Aris，你在问关于伦理考虑，而且。

**Dean Slawson:** I mean, to me, those are sort of the moral principles
behind its use, things like fairness and respecting privacy and thinking
about.

**Dean Slawson:**
我的意思是，对我来说，那些是其使用背后的道德原则，比如公平、尊重隐私和思考。

**Dean Slawson:** Societal impact, but the way we put those ethical
considerations into practice is by having exactly what Lisa was talking
about, this print… the set of responsible AI principles.

**Dean Slawson:**
社会影响，但我们把那些伦理考虑付诸实践的方式，正是通过拥有Lisa所说的，这套负责任AI的原则。

**Dean Slawson:** And those out of focus on accountability and security
and transparency and safety and, of course, you know, regulatory
compliance and human oversight.

**Dean Slawson:**
那些关注问责制、安全、透明、安全，当然还有，你知道的，法规遵从和人类监督。

**Dean Slawson:** So, and then it's just about our integrity. When,
like, when we deploy an AI capability.

**Dean Slawson:**
所以，然后就关乎我们的诚信了。当，比如，当我们部署一个AI能力时。

**Dean Slawson:** Does it do what we say it will do? Is it both safe and
effective? You know, so….

**Dean Slawson:**
它是否做到了我们说的它会做的事情？它是否既安全又有效？你知道，所以……

**Dean Slawson:** Ultimately, to be ethical and responsible in our use
of AI, we need to have a clear value prop in mind, and then we have to
validate that our solutions deliver on that promise, and no harmful side
effects.

**Dean Slawson:**
最终，为了在我们的AI使用中做到有道德和负责任，我们需要有一个清晰的价值主张，然后我们必须验证我们的解决方案是否兑现了那个承诺，并且没有有害的副作用。

**Dean Slawson:** And then we also need to align our messaging. You
know, we don't want to over-promise.

**Dean Slawson:**
然后我们还需要统一我们的信息。你知道，我们不想过度承诺。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, and so that requires educating our customers about
what our solutions can do, what they can't do, how to use them, how not
to use them.

**Dean Slawson:**
所以这需要教育我们的客户，我们的解决方案能做什么，不能做什么，如何使用它们，如何不使用它们。

**Dean Slawson:** We've all seen the headlines of bad examples AI used
to, like, unfairly deny claims or over-promises on clinical models.

**Dean Slawson:**
我们都看过AI被用于不公平地拒绝索赔或在临床模型上过度承诺的坏例子的头条新闻。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, but by taking the high road on the ethical and
responsibilities of AI, we can really differentiate our offerings, and
ultimately our brand.

**Dean Slawson:**
但是，通过在AI的伦理和责任上走高尚的道路，我们真的可以使我们的产品，并最终使我们的品牌脱颖而出。

**Dean Slawson:** Versus all sort of the AI hypesters that are out
there. So, I think this is a great opportunity for us.

**Dean Slawson:**
与所有那些AI炒作者相比。所以，我认为这对我们来说是一个巨大的机会。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Yeah, I… all great points. I'd maybe just highlight
the transparency piece, right?

**Rahim Hashwani:**
是的，我……所有观点都很棒。我或许只想强调透明度这一点，对吧？

**Rahim Hashwani:** A lot of times, AI models or tools, they kind of….

**Rahim Hashwani:** 很多时候，AI模型或工具，它们有点……

**Rahim Hashwani:** Function in a black box, happening behind the
scenes. It's not necessarily.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 在一个黑箱中运作，在幕后发生。它不一定。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Clear or easy to understand. Um, you know, how an
AI-generated decision recommendation's been made, right?

**Rahim Hashwani:**
清晰或易于理解。你知道，一个AI生成的决策建议是如何做出的，对吧？

**Rahim Hashwani:** You know, patients should understand, uh, how AI. Is
being used in their care. Clinicians should be able to explain.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
你知道，患者应该了解AI是如何在他们的护理中被使用的。临床医生应该能够解释。

**Rahim Hashwani:** You know, why an AI tool made a recommendation, uh,
you know, for a specific treatment.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 你知道，为什么一个AI工具会为一个特定的治疗提出建议。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Um, and what are the factors that led to that
recommendation, right? The tools need to provide not just the sources,
but the reasoning behind that conclusion.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
以及导致那个建议的因素是什么，对吧？工具不仅需要提供来源，还需要提供那个结论背后的推理。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Um, I want that recommendation? If not, you know,
you're undermining informed consent, right?

**Rahim Hashwani:**
我想要那个建议吗？如果不，你知道，你就在破坏知情同意，对吧？

**Rahim Hashwani:** Um, that transparency is key. I'm not seeing a lot
of that out there, but I think that's important for us to consider.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
透明度是关键。我没有看到很多这样的情况，但我认为这对我们来说很重要，需要考虑。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So there's actually a question that came up in
the Q&A that sort of dovetails really nicely to this conversation, so
I'm going to ask it here.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
所以实际上在问答区有一个问题，与这次对话非常契合，所以我就在这里问了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, the question was, how do we balance going
fast in AI and protecting our clients' PHI?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
问题是，我们如何在AI领域快速发展和保护我们客户的PHI（受保护的健康信息）之间取得平衡？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** How can we be certain in LLMs and models are
not sharing this data with the platform they are being hosted and
pre-trained on?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我们如何能确定LLM（大型语言模型）和模型不会将这些数据与它们被托管和预训练的平台共享？

**Dean Slawson:** Yeah, I can talk about that a little bit. This is a
huge focus of attention in the Advanced Tech Group and research with
product.

**Dean Slawson:**
是的，我可以稍微谈谈。这是先进技术小组和产品研究中一个巨大的关注焦点。

**Dean Slawson:** We partner very closely with legal and privacy and
InfoSec. To make sure that we have the right kinds of processes.

**Dean Slawson:**
我们与法律、隐私和信息安全部门非常紧密地合作。以确保我们有正确的流程。

**Dean Slawson:** And controls in place, so, you know, we're, like, it
starts with making sure we have the rights to use the data, making sure
we're only using the data in environments with proper controls.

**Dean Slawson:**
和控制措施，所以，你知道，我们，比如，从确保我们有权使用数据开始，确保我们只在有适当控制的环境中使用数据。

**Dean Slawson:** I'm only using it for purposes for which we have the
rights to use it.

**Dean Slawson:** 我只在有权使用它的目的下使用它。

**Dean Slawson:** Rigorous testing, you know, we've done red teaming,
we've…. Um, we do other kinds of tests, and we….

**Dean Slawson:** 严格的测试，你知道，我们做过红队测试（red
teaming：一种模拟攻击以测试安全性的方法），我们……我们做其他种类的测试，而且我们……

**Dean Slawson:** This is, like, top of mind for us, you know, every
day. Obviously, our clients' PHI and the patients, residents, or
members, you know, PHI.

**Dean Slawson:**
这对我们来说是头等大事，你知道，每天都是。显然，我们客户的PHI以及病人、居民或成员的PHI。

**Dean Slawson:** Is not just, uh, you know, legally a responsibility of
us to protect, but morally. And, you know, we wouldn't want any of our
information leaking out or being used inappropriately.

**Dean Slawson:**
不仅仅是法律上我们有责任保护，也是道德上的。而且，你知道，我们不希望我们的任何信息泄露或被不当使用。

**Dean Slawson:** I'll just say that's… it's a big focus of what we do.

**Dean Slawson:** 我只想说，这是我们工作的一个重要焦点。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Thanks, Dean. Lisa, did you have something to
add? I saw you… I thought I saw you come off.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
谢谢，Dean。Lisa，你有什么要补充的吗？我看到你……我以为我看到你发言了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Is there anything else that you can add?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 你还有什么要补充的吗？

**Lisa Jarrett:** I would agree with Dean. This is… this is part of the
same messaging about.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我同意Dean的看法。这是……这是关于……

**Lisa Jarrett:** Beginning, middle. After, etc. It's not… it's not just
one time, right? You're doing it through the development, but then you
also have the obligation to continue throughout.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
开始，中间。之后，等等。这不是……这不只是一次，对吧？你在整个开发过程中都在做，但你也有义务在整个过程中继续。

**Lisa Jarrett:** The, uh, the capabilities lifecycle, um, of making
sure that it continues to stay.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 能力的生命周期，确保它继续保持。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Stay safe and secure. As far as speed. It's a factor,
right?

**Lisa Jarrett:** 保持安全。至于速度。这是一个因素，对吧？

**Lisa Jarrett:** But we're not going to release something that…. We
don't believe is secure or puts PHI at risk.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
但我们不会发布我们认为不安全或将PHI置于风险之中的东西。

**Cedric Anne:** The one question, and I…. Just to… that we should
always ask ourselves is.

**Cedric Anne:** 那个问题，我……只是……我们应该总是问自己的问题是。

**Cedric Anne:** If we wouldn't want this AI tool agent function,
whatever it is, making decisions.

**Cedric Anne:**
如果我们不希望这个AI工具、智能体功能，无论它是什么，来做决定。

**Cedric Anne:** For your own loved ones? Then just don't deploy it yet.

**Cedric Anne:** 为你自己的亲人？那就先不要部署它。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, there's another question kind of related to
this that I will add here. How much of a concern is bias?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
嗯，这里还有一个与此相关的问题，我补充一下。偏见有多大的问题？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** In the data source, and ensuring AI outputs
provide equitable care.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 在数据源中，并确保AI输出提供公平的护理。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And how do we combat this if the historical
data is indeed biased?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 如果历史数据确实存在偏见，我们如何应对？

**Lisa Jarrett:** So, I'll start, and then I'm going to turn it over to
Dean.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 那么，我先开始，然后我把话筒交给Dean。

**Dean Slawson:** Yeah, this… yeah, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead.

**Dean Slawson:** 是的，这个……是的，请讲。是的，请讲。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Because we come at it from different perspectives. Um,
so….

**Lisa Jarrett:** 因为我们从不同的角度来看待它。所以……

**Lisa Jarrett:** That's part of us analyzing, right, um, this is the
problem we're going to solve.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 这是我们分析的一部分，对吧，这是我们要解决的问题。

**Lisa Jarrett:** What kind of data do we have to do that? How do we
make sure it's not biased?

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我们需要什么样的数据来做这个？我们如何确保它没有偏见？

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and… and how do we go forward, but…. Um, it all
goes back also to those data use rights, right? We have to understand.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
而且……我们如何前进，但是……这也都回到了那些数据使用权上，对吧？我们必须理解。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Can we use the data? What data do we have? How do we
make sure it's not biased before we go forward.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
我们可以使用这些数据吗？我们有什么数据？在我们前进之前，如何确保它没有偏见。

**Lisa Jarrett:** So, I'm going to turn it over to Dean, because he's
deeper in on it.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 所以，我把话筒交给Dean，因为他对此更深入。

**Dean Slawson:** Well, and this is something we partner closely with,
with Lisa's team, but there is a technical aspect to it as well, because
as mentioned in the question, there is bias in healthcare data.

**Dean Slawson:**
嗯，这是我们与Lisa的团队密切合作的事情，但它也有一个技术方面，因为正如问题中提到的，医疗健康数据中存在偏见。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, and that's, you know, not something we can
completely eliminate, because it's data today largely generated with
human involvement, and humans have bias.

**Dean Slawson:**
而且，你知道，这不是我们能完全消除的，因为今天的数据很大程度上是在人类参与下生成的，而人类有偏见。

**Dean Slawson:** And so, this is something we proactively look at
during the AI model development process.

**Dean Slawson:** 所以，这是我们在AI模型开发过程中主动关注的事情。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, we do, you know, binary classification, we see if.
If different groups are differentially giving different outputs to a
model, so it's something that we measure, it's something that we
evaluate.

**Dean Slawson:**
我们做，你知道，二元分类，我们看是否。如果不同的群体对一个模型给出不同的输出，所以这是我们衡量的事情，是我们评估的事情。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, and things Lisa was talking about, something we
continue to measure even after we deploy, because there could be shifts
in population or data or biases that get introduced later.

**Dean Slawson:**
而且Lisa谈到的事情，是我们即使在部署后也会继续衡量的事情，因为可能会有人口或数据的变化，或者后来引入的偏见。

**Dean Slawson:** But it's also something that we work to mitigate, you
know, and sometimes.

**Dean Slawson:** 但这也是我们努力减轻的事情，你知道，有时。

**Dean Slawson:** You can change the threshold of a model and address,
you know, most of the bias issues, or sometimes.

**Dean Slawson:**
你可以改变一个模型的阈值，并解决，你知道，大部分的偏见问题，或者有时。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, a lot of it is communicating properly, you know,
so that users understand what, you know, things they need to be aware
of, because you can't 100% eliminate bias.

**Dean Slawson:**
很多时候是正确地沟通，你知道，这样用户就能理解他们需要注意什么，因为你不能100%消除偏见。

**Dean Slawson:** We obviously don't want to ship something. That's
going to be harmful to any group, but we also want to create, sort of,
the greater good, and.

**Dean Slawson:**
我们显然不想发布任何会对任何群体有害的东西，但我们也想创造，某种程度上，更大的利益，并且。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, it's, uh, it's always a focus of attention and a
balance to make sure that what we ship is responsible, and that users
understand any limitations of it.

**Dean Slawson:**
这始终是一个关注的焦点和一个平衡，以确保我们发布的产品是负责任的，并且用户理解它的任何局限性。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Thanks, Dean and Lisa. Um, I have another
question here. You know, we were talking a little bit about access. Um,
so this question is.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
谢谢，Dean和Lisa。我这里还有个问题。你知道，我们刚才稍微谈到了访问权限。所以这个问题是。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Azure Studio is pretty locked down to us as
users, only uses Chatbot. Who do we work with to gain access to some of
the other great features it offers?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Azure
Studio对我们用户来说相当受限，只使用聊天机器人。我们应该与谁合作，以获得它提供的其他一些强大功能的访问权限？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Any insight from this group, Rahim? Lisa, I
see, will come on.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
这个小组有什么见解吗，Rahim？Lisa，我看到，会来。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Yeah.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 是的。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Thank you, Chad. Yeah, it's a Rahim question, yeah.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 谢谢你，Chad。是的，这是个Rahim的问题，是的。

**Dean Slawson:** Rahim question.

**Dean Slawson:** Rahim的问题。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Well, honestly, reach out. Reach out to us, um, help
me take it, reach out to me directly, and we can work with you to help.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
嗯，老实说，联系我们。联系我们，帮我拿一下，直接联系我，我们可以和你一起帮助。

**Rahim Hashwani:** You know, obviously, you know, we're going to be
responsible about this and fair, you know, there's….

**Rahim Hashwani:**
你知道，显然，你知道，我们会对此负责并公平，你知道，有……

**Rahim Hashwani:** There are models that are out there that we may not
want to actually enable because of, you know, where it's originated
from.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
有一些模型，我们可能不想实际启用，因为，你知道，它的来源。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Um, but we can certainly help to unlock some of the
capabilities.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 但我们肯定可以帮助解锁一些能力。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Thanks, Rahim. Um. I'm gonna throw this
question out to anyone who wants to answer it. This was also in our Q&A.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
谢谢，Rahim。我把这个问题抛给任何想回答的人。这也出现在我们的问答区。

**Rahim Hashwani:** No worries.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 别担心。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Do you think AI is going to make human lifespan
even longer?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 你认为AI会让人的寿命更长吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Or improve quality of life for our current
lifespan, or both. Kind of a philosophical type of question here.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
还是改善我们现有寿命的生活质量，或者两者兼而有之。这里有点哲学性的问题。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, for anyone who wants to take it. Dean, I
saw you come off of mute.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 谁想回答都可以。Dean，我看到你取消了静音。

**Dean Slawson:** I think I was off mute, but I mean, I'll take it. It's
a speculative… it's a spec… that's fine. It's a speculative question,
but I'm very hopeful and optimistic.

**Dean Slawson:**
我想我取消了静音，但我的意思是，我来回答。这是一个推测性的……这是一个……没关系。这是一个推测性的问题，但我非常充满希望和乐观。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Not to put you on the spot, Dean!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 不是要让你为难，Dean！

**Dean Slawson:** That not AI, but our use of AI, appropriate use of AI,
has huge potential, and I hope it's making our lifespan longer, that
it's making the quality of our life longer to go along with that. I
think there are innovations that address both.

**Dean Slawson:**
不是AI，而是我们对AI的使用，适当使用AI，有巨大的潜力，我希望它能延长我们的寿命，并随之提高我们的生活质量。我认为有创新可以同时解决这两个问题。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, in using AI and other technologies in health tech
that have a lot of potential for that.

**Dean Slawson:** 在健康科技中使用AI和其他技术，在这方面有很大的潜力。

**Lisa Jarrett:** I'd add that…. Um, everything Dean said.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 我想补充的是……Dean说的一切。

**Lisa Jarrett:** But we're still people. So, until the AI or the LLMs
are actually materially changing our behavior.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
但我们仍然是人。所以，直到AI或LLM（大型语言模型）真正地、实质性地改变我们的行为。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, and making… and encouraging us to improve our
health. Um, I think it's a… I think there's opportunity for both.

**Lisa Jarrett:**
并鼓励我们改善我们的健康。我认为这是一个……我认为两者都有机会。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Mm-hmm.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 嗯哼。

**Lisa Jarrett:** Um, to have an impact on. Talk to Asian Health more
broadly.

**Lisa Jarrett:** 对……产生影响。更广泛地与亚洲健康对话。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, that's a good point. We have to… you can
get nudged to eat better or do better, but do you do better, right?
That's going to influence whether the health outcomes are different for
you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，那是个好观点。我们必须……你可以被推动去吃得更好或做得更好，但你真的做得更好吗？对吧？那将影响你的健康结果是否不同。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, Cedric, did you want to answer? I see Jared
and Cedric both have come off.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
Cedric，你想回答吗？我看到Jared和Cedric都发言了。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Do you want to answer as well?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 你也想回答吗？

**Cedric Anne:** That's the cue. Yeah, uh, well, for… I see… I see two
things. One, um….

**Cedric Anne:**
这就是提示。是的，嗯，好吧，对于……我看到……我看到两件事。第一，嗯……

**Cedric Anne:** Living longer is…. It may be more so living better.

**Cedric Anne:** 活得更长是……可能更多的是活得更好。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, I think there's something to be said around how,
um….

**Cedric Anne:** 我认为关于如何……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Hmm….

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 嗯……

**Cedric Anne:** How we're adding more years where you can move, think,
connect.

**Cedric Anne:** 我们如何增加更多可以活动、思考、联系的岁月。

**Cedric Anne:** Um, and in your independence is preserved. I think
there's a….

**Cedric Anne:** 并且你的独立性得以保留。我认为有一个……

**Cedric Anne:** There's certain… in our use case, you know, just
looking at it from a point-of-care perspective and thinking about it.

**Cedric Anne:**
有一些……在我们的用例中，你知道，只是从护理点的角度来看待它并思考它。

**Cedric Anne:** For, uh, our mission. Um, when you give back, AI… well,
through AI, you give back time to your clinicians.

**Cedric Anne:**
为了我们的使命。当你回馈时，AI……嗯，通过AI，你把时间还给了你的临床医生。

**Cedric Anne:** All of a sudden, you have less frictions. You have a
proactive care model when you think about it, in terms of what.

**Cedric Anne:**
突然之间，你的摩擦就少了。当你思考它时，就……而言，你有一个主动的护理模式。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah, I love that. Uh, Jared, I thought you
came off as well. Did you want to answer?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
是的，我喜欢那个。Jared，我以为你也发言了。你想回答吗？

**Cedric Anne:** The, uh, the patient can expect. And at the end of the
day, and just….

**Cedric Anne:** 病人可以期待的。归根结底，只是……

**Cedric Anne:** Sharing the, um, what I've seen when visiting
customers, there's… there's this whole thing about dignity.

**Cedric Anne:** 分享我拜访客户时所看到的，有……有关于尊严的整个事情。

**Cedric Anne:** When… when you think about all the vulnerable
population that our software helps to take care of.

**Cedric Anne:** 当……当你想到我们软件帮助照顾的所有弱势群体时。

**Cedric Anne:** I think this is one where, you know, when you…. When we
enhance, when we provide all of these tools and make this, um, it's not
just life better, but it's life… well, not just life longer.

**Cedric Anne:**
我认为这是一个，你知道，当你……当我们增强，当我们提供所有这些工具并使这个……这不仅仅是让生活更好，而是让生活……嗯，不仅仅是让生命更长。

**Cedric Anne:** Makes life better.

**Cedric Anne:** 让生活更美好。

**Jared Pilcher:** Yeah, for sure. Um, so I think AI presents a lot of
opportunity to not only help us.

**Jared Pilcher:** 是的，当然。所以我认为AI不仅能帮助我们。

**Jared Pilcher:** Answer what we kind of know, do summarization.
Helping us with notifications, etc.

**Jared Pilcher:** 回答我们大致知道的，做总结。帮助我们处理通知等。

**Jared Pilcher:** But I think it's… one of its biggest impacts in the
future will be helping us understand what we don't know.

**Jared Pilcher:**
但我认为它……它未来最大的影响之一将是帮助我们理解我们不知道的东西。

**Jared Pilcher:** If we can really capture that, then we may be able to
answer questions we haven't even asked yet.

**Jared Pilcher:**
如果我们能真正捕捉到这一点，那么我们或许能回答我们甚至还没问过的问题。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, that's what I wanted to see. And then that could
translate into a longer life, right? Let me connect the dots here.

**Jared Pilcher:**
这就是我想看到的。然后那可能转化为更长的寿命，对吧？让我在这里把点连起来。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Well, that's so funny.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 嗯，那真有趣。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Oh, I like that. What have we not considered,
right? That's actually a really interesting spin on that question.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
哦，我喜欢那个。我们没有考虑什么，对吧？那实际上是对那个问题一个非常有趣的转折。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, alright, so my last question for this
group, and it's whoever wants to answer.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
好的，我最后一个问题是给这个小组的，谁想回答都可以。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** What's one piece of advice you'd give your past
self about embracing AI?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 关于拥抱AI，你会给过去的自己什么建议？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Whoever wants to go. All right. Yeah.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 谁想去都行。好的。是的。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Um, if I could hop into that DeLorean and go back.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
如果我能跳进那辆DeLorean（电影《回到未来》中的时间机器）回到过去。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Uh, other than betting on OKC to win the NBA
championships.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 除了赌俄克拉荷马城雷霆队赢得NBA总冠军。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Dive in. Like, use AI every day, um. And share,
right? Push people to use it as well. I would have been like, hey.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
投入进去。比如，每天都用AI。并分享，对吧？也推动人们去用它。我可能会说，嘿。

**Rahim Hashwani:** I just tried this out. What are you doing? Oh, well,
put it on your phone. Just do it! Do it now! And just get people to
really embrace it.

**Rahim Hashwani:**
我刚试了这个。你在干嘛？哦，好吧，把它装到你手机上。就这么做！现在就做！让人们真正地拥抱它。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Um, even sooner than… than…. Maybe we would have.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 甚至比……比……也许我们本该的更早。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yeah.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的。

**Rahim Hashwani:** Build that muscle memory, right? Build that habit.
Adopt it.

**Rahim Hashwani:** 建立那种肌肉记忆，对吧？养成那种习惯。采纳它。

**Cedric Anne:** I'll take the same, uh, same approach. I'll take my
DeLorean, go back, and….

**Cedric Anne:** 我会采取同样的方法。我会开着我的DeLorean回去，然后……

**Cedric Anne:** Invest in OpenAI, uh…. Right? Here you go.

**Cedric Anne:** 投资OpenAI……对吧？给你。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** I love the tie-in to the theme here.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我喜欢这里与主题的联系。

**Cedric Anne:** Totally. Um, so doing that, and then, um, well, in all
seriousness, I think they're….

**Cedric Anne:** 完全是。所以，做那个，然后，嗯，说真的，我认为他们……

**Cedric Anne:** Model curiosity against certainty. I think when I
started in looking at it.

**Cedric Anne:** 以好奇心对抗确定性。我认为当我开始看它的时候。

**Cedric Anne:** Had so many biases and so many thoughts of, is that
really going to be a thing, or… and didn't start when I should have.

**Cedric Anne:**
有太多的偏见和太多的想法，比如，那真的会成为一回事吗，或者……并且没有在我应该开始的时候开始。

**Cedric Anne:** I think, um, going back, I would be a lot more curious,
and….

**Cedric Anne:** 我想，回到过去，我会更好奇，而且……

**Cedric Anne:** Try things until, um, until we get the one success,
so….

**Cedric Anne:** 尝试，直到……直到我们取得一次成功，所以……

**Cedric Anne:** Yeah. And Bitcoin, yes. Great point, Emilia.

**Cedric Anne:** 是的。还有比特币，是的。说得好，Emilia。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Lots of wanting to be richer in the future, you
know, if we could go back and make some educated.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
很多人都想在未来变得更富有，你知道，如果我们能回到过去，做出一些明智的决定。

**Cedric Anne:** Okay. If AI can help us live longer.

**Cedric Anne:** 好的。如果AI能帮助我们活得更长。

**Cedric Anne:** Live better. There you go. That's exactly the point.

**Cedric Anne:** 活得更好。就是这样。这正是重点。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Oh, money is always good when you're living
longer, that's for sure, I hear you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
哦，当你活得更长的时候，钱总是好的，那肯定，我理解你。

**Cedric Anne:** You need… you need things to spend on, so it's, uh….

**Cedric Anne:** 你需要……你需要花钱的地方，所以……

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes! Yes, for sure. Uh, Dean, did you want to
take that one?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的！是的，当然。Dean，你想回答那个吗？

**Dean Slawson:** Okay, um, I guess first of all, if I could talk to my
past self right now, I'd….

**Dean Slawson:** 好的，我想首先，如果我现在能和过去的我对话，我会……

**Dean Slawson:** I'd say great news, you're gonna make it till at least
the first half of 2025, so there's that.

**Dean Slawson:** 我会说好消息，你至少能活到2025年上半年，所以有这个。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** You might be able to make some bets now that
will result in future you being happy that you made them today.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
你现在或许可以下一些赌注，这会让未来的你为今天所做的决定感到高兴。

**Dean Slawson:** But… I guess more importantly, I would let me know
that, hey, you're gonna be alive during the greatest era of software
innovation the world has ever seen.

**Dean Slawson:**
但是……我想更重要的是，我会让我知道，嘿，你将活在世界有史以来最伟大的软件创新时代。

**Dean Slawson:** The technologies, um…. You know, that are going to be
available at your disposal are going to have unheard potential.

**Dean Slawson:**
那些技术……你知道，那些将供你使用的技术，将拥有前所未有的潜力。

**Dean Slawson:** Uh, to create meaningful value, to change the world.
So…. I would just tell myself, you know, make more time to learn as much
as I can.

**Dean Slawson:**
来创造有意义的价值，来改变世界。所以……我只会告诉自己，你知道，花更多的时间尽可能多地学习。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, try things, experiment, some things you can only
learn by trying and making mistakes. I could have made more mistakes and
learned more, maybe. It's okay to be wrong, but it's not okay, you know,
not to try.

**Dean Slawson:**
尝试，实验，有些事情你只能通过尝试和犯错来学习。我或许可以犯更多的错误，学到更多。犯错没关系，但不去尝试，你知道，那就不行了。

**Dean Slawson:** Um, and I don't know, it may not apply to everybody,
but to me, I'd probably have said earlier in my career, maybe go deeper.
I remember I had the privilege of taking a class when I was a grad
student at UCLA.

**Dean Slawson:**
而且我不知道，这可能不适用于每个人，但对我来说，我可能会在我职业生涯的早期说，或许应该更深入。我记得我在UCLA读研究生时，有幸上了一门课。

**Dean Slawson:** With one of the pioneers in the early field of AI,
Judea Pearl. He was the inventor of something called Bayesian networks,
and he was a Turing Award winner later on.

**Dean Slawson:** 与AI早期领域的先驱之一，Judea
Pearl一起。他是一种叫做贝叶斯网络的东西的发明者，后来他获得了图灵奖。

**Dean Slawson:** And, you know, it was a fun class, and then I kind of
moved on to other things, and I've continued to stay involved in AI, you
know, 20 years at Microsoft, and even before that, so….

**Dean Slawson:**
而且，你知道，那是一门有趣的课，然后我转向了其他事情，但我一直继续参与AI，你知道，在微软20年，甚至在那之前，所以……

**Dean Slawson:** Not that I haven't stayed involved, but if I had
foreseen what's happening today, I might have gone deeper with, you
know, some particular area of technology, and instead I'm more of a
generalist, that's worked out okay for me in generalist, futurist, but….

**Dean Slawson:**
并不是说我没有继续参与，但如果我预见到今天发生的事情，我可能会在某个特定的技术领域更深入，而现在我更像一个通才，这对我作为一个通才、未来主义者来说还不错，但是……

**Dean Slawson:** I'd say it's, you know, good advice for all of us,
keep scanning the horizon. New things are coming along all the time.

**Dean Slawson:**
我想说，这对我们所有人都是一个好建议，不断地扫描地平线。新事物总是在不断涌现。

**Dean Slawson:** Place your bets wisely.

**Dean Slawson:** 明智地下注。

**Dean Slawson:** Yeah.

**Dean Slawson:** 是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, anybody else want to answer it? I think we
can take one more answer. Jared, I saw you come off of mute, so over to
you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
还有人想回答吗？我想我们可以再听一个答案。Jared，我看到你取消了静音，所以交给你了。

**Jared Pilcher:** Yeah, um, so I think that this is starting to catch
on, but, uh, AI is not a fad.

**Jared Pilcher:** 是的，我想这开始流行起来了，但是，AI不是一时的风尚。

**Jared Pilcher:** I thought it was. Uh, I thought it might be, 2 years
ago. Uh, so I hesitated for a while.

**Jared Pilcher:**
我以为是。两年前，我以为可能是。所以我犹豫了一段时间。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, I… I did jump in, um, but not with both feet,
kind of.

**Jared Pilcher:** 我……我确实跳进去了，但不是双脚都跳进去，有点。

**Jared Pilcher:** Put my toe in a little bit. So, I would say to my
past self.

**Jared Pilcher:** 稍微试探了一下。所以，我会对过去的我。

**Jared Pilcher:** Jump in, both feet, uh, learn everything you can. Um,
about, uh.

**Jared Pilcher:** 双脚跳进去，学习你能学到的一切。关于……

**Jared Pilcher:** Llms, about agents. Um, and uh… and then try to push
the envelope.

**Jared Pilcher:**
LLM（大型语言模型），关于智能体。然后……然后试着挑战极限。

**Jared Pilcher:** Um, sooner. That's what I would tell myself.

**Jared Pilcher:** 更早。这就是我会告诉自己的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** There actually is an agent on Copilot that's
called Learning Coach, which can help you develop, like, a learning plan
to learn. So you can use AI to learn about AI as well.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
Copilot上实际上有一个叫做“学习教练”的智能体，它可以帮助你制定一个学习计划。所以你也可以用AI来学习AI。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Um, because I think the hardest thing is
finding time, and you know, what do you learn, and what do you focus on,
and so it can actually ask you certain questions to figure out what
might make most sense for you to get deeper knowledge on.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
因为我认为最难的是找到时间，而且你知道，你学什么，你专注于什么，所以它实际上可以问你一些问题，来弄清楚什么对你来说最有意义，以获得更深入的知识。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So with that, I'm going to thank all of our
panelists. Thank you so much for sharing your insights and opinions
about what's coming up for us in AI and how it's going to affect the
healthcare space.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
就此，我要感谢我们所有的小组成员。非常感谢你们分享你们对AI未来发展以及它将如何影响医疗健康领域的见解和看法。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, we can give them a virtual… well, you can
hear me, so I will cough. Uh, but we'll give you a virtual round of
applause. Thank you for sharing your thoughts.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我们可以给他们一个虚拟的……嗯，你能听到我，所以我咳嗽一下。但我们会给你一个虚拟的掌声。谢谢你分享你的想法。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** And I'm seeing some of the pause coming in the
chat as well.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 我也看到聊天中出现了一些暂停。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, now we will transition over to our closing,
so I'm gonna throw it over to Cindy Plunkett and Marina to close us out.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
现在我们将过渡到我们的闭幕环节，所以我要把话筒交给Cindy
Plunkett和Marina来为我们做总结。

## 闭幕致辞：回顾与展望

**Marina Stojanovic:** Awesome, thank you so much for that, and thank
you to the panel. What a nice day, what a nice way to wrap up an
incredible event. Uh, we're coming to an end of a remarkable event. This
is the first of its kind, Point Click Care.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
太棒了，非常感谢，也感谢小组讨论。多么美好的一天，多么美好的方式来结束一个不可思议的活动。我们正在结束一个非凡的活动。这是PointClickCare首次举办此类活动。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And I want to take a moment and reflect on the
journey we've all taken together today.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我想花点时间反思一下我们今天共同走过的旅程。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And what lies ahead in our very bright and
exciting future.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
以及在我们光明而激动人心的未来中等待着我们的是什么。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So I'm gonna channel the iconic duo from Back to
the Future, which is our theme today. We're going to talk about Doc
Brown and Marty McFly, and for those of you who don't really know that
movie, please go ahead and watch it. It is fantastic.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
所以我准备模仿《回到未来》中的标志性二人组，这也是我们今天的主题。我们将谈论布朗博士和马蒂·麦克弗莱，对于那些不太了解那部电影的人，请去看一下。它非常棒。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, but one of the things that stands out, and I
think Anna may have mentioned this earlier, is your future is whatever
you make it, so make it a good one.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
但其中一件突出的事情，我想Anna之前可能提到过，是你的未来由你创造，所以让它成为一个好的未来。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And this is really true in sage advice even
today. We're standing, as you can see, on the brink of some incredible
technological advancements. Who would have thought 10 years ago that
we'd be sitting here talking about all the things our little robot
assistants can help us with, right?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
这在今天仍然是至理名言。正如你所看到的，我们正站在一些不可思议的技术进步的边缘。谁能想到10年前，我们会坐在这里谈论我们的小机器人助手能帮助我们做的所有事情，对吧？

**Marina Stojanovic:** And when we go back to thinking from, you know,
1985, what they imagined for the year 2025.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 当我们回到1985年，思考他们对2025年的想象时。

**Marina Stojanovic:** They imagine flying cars, and hoverboards, and
self-tying shoes, and all sorts of other limitless possibilities, and
even though we don't have flying cars.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
他们想象着飞行汽车、悬浮滑板、自动系鞋带的鞋子，以及各种其他无限的可能性，尽管我们没有飞行汽车。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Um, the innovation that we're seeing is really
something extraordinary. And we can only see it accelerate over the next
few years.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们看到的创新确实非同寻常。我们只能看到它在未来几年加速发展。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I would like to think that Doc Brown would be
really thrilled to see how AI is transforming our world.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我想布朗博士看到AI如何改变我们的世界，一定会非常激动。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Going from revolutionizing healthcare and really
shaking things up the way that they've been done in healthcare.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
从彻底改变医疗健康，到真正颠覆医疗健康领域的传统做法。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Really revolutionizing education. To really… to
help us enhance our daily lives with smart assistance and autonomous
vehicles, all sorts of things that we enjoy, sometimes without even
noticing.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
真正地彻底改变教育。真正地……帮助我们通过智能助手和自动驾驶汽车来提升我们的日常生活，所有这些我们享受的东西，有时甚至没有注意到。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Marty McFly, I think, would be excited about the
endless opportunities for creativity.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我想，马蒂·麦克弗莱会对AI带来的无限创造力机会感到兴奋。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Innovation and all those wonderful things that AI
brings. And since we're seeing such an incredible amount of creativity
today, we're in safe, uh, we're safe in saying that Marty McFly would be
proud of us today.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
创新以及AI带来的所有那些美好的事物。既然我们今天看到了如此不可思议的创造力，我们可以安全地说，马蒂·麦克弗莱今天会为我们感到骄傲。

**Marina Stojanovic:** But they would have their concerns, and again,
we've touched on a lot of these topics today.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
但他们也会有他们的担忧，再次，我们今天已经触及了很多这些话题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Jack Brown might be worried about the ethical
implications of AI, such as ensuring.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 布朗博士可能会担心AI的伦理影响，比如确保。

**Marina Stojanovic:** That all of these technologies we've talked about
today, and any future technologies.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我们今天谈到的所有这些技术，以及任何未来的技术。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Are being used responsibly and do not infringe on
individuals' privacy.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 都被负责任地使用，并且不侵犯个人隐私。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And as Alan mentioned earlier, really take care
of our personal information and our customers' information.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
正如Alan之前提到的，真正地保护好我们的个人信息和我们客户的信息。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Marty McPhigh may be worried about the potential
for AI to widen the gap between those who have access to these
technologies.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
马蒂·麦克弗莱可能会担心AI有可能会扩大那些能接触到这些技术的人和那些不能接触到的人之间的差距。

**Marina Stojanovic:** And those who do not. So we… they would both urge
us all to be vigilant and proactive in addressing.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
和那些没有的人。所以我们……他们都会敦促我们所有人保持警惕并主动解决。

**Marina Stojanovic:** These challenges. And let's not forget, dark
brown would probably remind us to avoid any flux capacitor mishaps. We
don't want to accidentally.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
这些挑战。我们不要忘记，布朗博士可能会提醒我们避免任何通量电容器的意外。我们不想意外地。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Send our AI back to the Stone Age, or worse, to a
time when dial-up internet was the norm.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
把我们的AI送回石器时代，或者更糟，送到一个拨号上网是常态的时代。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Do you guys remember the sound? Do you remember
that? Anyway, Marty McFly would joke about.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
你们还记得那个声音吗？你们还记得吗？总之，马蒂·麦克弗莱会开玩笑说。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Making sure that AI doesn't develop a taste for
Pepsi-free, because who wants to pay for a soda that doesn't exist
anymore?

**Marina Stojanovic:**
确保AI不会对无糖百事可乐产生兴趣，因为谁想为一种已经不存在的苏打水付钱呢？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Also, have you ever tried Pepsi-Free? Yikes. We
could keep that one in the past. Keep that one in 1985.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
另外，你喝过无糖百事可乐吗？天哪。我们可以把那个留在过去。把它留在1985年。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Now, we're gonna turn it over to our own Doc
Brand, with much better hair. We're going to turn it over to Dr. Cindy
Plunkett. She's going to add some closing remarks from her end.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
现在，我们要把话筒交给我们的布朗博士，他有更好的发型。我们要把话筒交给Cindy
Plunkett博士。她将从她的角度做一些闭幕致辞。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Thank you so much, Marina. I want to take a
moment and thank and congratulate everyone who contributed today's
event.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
非常感谢你，Marina。我想花点时间感谢并祝贺所有为今天活动做出贡献的人。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Um, our planning committee, our review
committee, our presenters today. Um, so, so brave, and thank you for
submitting, um, your case studies and sharing them with the rest of the
company.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
我们的策划委员会，我们的审查委员会，我们今天的演讲者。非常勇敢，感谢你们提交你们的案例研究并与公司其他人分享。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Um, thanking our panelists, the many advisors we
depended on. To make today's event as successful as it has been.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
感谢我们的小组成员，以及我们依赖的许多顾问。让今天的活动如此成功。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Um, so thank you to everyone that helped making
sure that we were able to.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** 所以感谢所有帮助确保我们能够。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Bring the AI Symposium to point that care. As a
reminder, any new AI tools have to be reviewed by our security team
before they're made widely available.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
将AI研讨会带到护理的那个点。提醒一下，任何新的AI工具在广泛使用前都必须经过我们安全团队的审查。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Um, and only approved AI tools are to be used.
For some tools, they need a purchase license, so that'll require budget,
and you'll need to use the BuySmart process.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
而且只能使用经过批准的AI工具。对于一些工具，它们需要购买许可证，所以那将需要预算，并且你需要使用BuySmart流程。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Um, and certain AI tools need additional
considerations around data quality, integrity, scalability.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
而且某些AI工具需要额外考虑数据质量、完整性、可扩展性。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Any tools that use PPI or PHI require special
consideration. For regulatory compliance and privacy.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
任何使用PPI（个人可识别信息）或PHI（受保护的健康信息）的工具都需要特别考虑。为了法规遵从和隐私。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** We saw this in all of the case studies today,
uh, and our panelists talked about this. Responsible and ethical use of
AI is.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
我们今天在所有的案例研究中都看到了这一点，我们的小组成员也谈到了这一点。负责任和有道德地使用AI是。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Always required. It's crucial to always
double-check AI-generated responses.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** 始终是必需的。始终仔细检查AI生成的响应至关重要。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** And ensure that they're accurate and reliable.
This helps to maintain the integrity of the information, and it prevents
the spread of misinformation, which is vital for reliable content.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
并确保它们准确可靠。这有助于维护信息的完整性，并防止错误信息的传播，这对于可靠的内容至关重要。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** As we look to the future. Um, I think today has
helped us open our arms.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** 当我们展望未来。我想今天帮助我们张开了双臂。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Let's embrace that spirit of curiosity.
Exploration and innovation, uh, the Doc and Murdy embodied.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
让我们拥抱那种好奇心、探索和创新的精神，布朗博士和马蒂所体现的。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Let's continue to push the boundaries of what's
possible, and always strive to make our world a better place.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
让我们继续推动可能性的边界，并始终努力让我们的世界变得更美好。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** And help every provider deliver exceptional
care. Thank you again to everyone who submitted use cases to our
dedicated panel who reviewed them, to our organizers.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
并帮助每一位提供者提供卓越的护理。再次感谢所有提交用例的人，感谢我们审查它们的专门小组，感谢我们的组织者。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** And to you, all of our attendees who made this
event a success.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** 以及你们，所有让这次活动成功的与会者。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Together, we're all shaping the future of AI at
point-click care, and I can't wait to see what we achieve next.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
我们共同塑造着PointClickCare的AI未来，我迫不及待地想看到我们接下来会取得什么成就。

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Remember, the future's in our hands. Let's make
it a good one. Thank you so much, everyone.

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:**
记住，未来掌握在我们手中。让我们把它变成一个好的未来。非常感谢大家。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Have a great day, y'all!

**Marina Stojanovic:** 祝大家有美好的一天！

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Bye, everyone! Thank you!

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 再见，各位！谢谢！

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** Thank you!

**Dr. Cindy Plunkett:** 谢谢你！

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Thanks, everyone!

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 谢谢大家！
