---
title: "深度解读：伊朗市场动态与投资前景 - Odd Lots"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "Tracy Alloway, Joe Weisenthal (Odd Lots)"
  guest: "Matia Wial (Antelon Capital CEO & CIO)" 
  source: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EppHLdwUqUI&t=1s"
---



# 深度解读：伊朗市场动态与投资前景

## 引言：揭开伊朗经济的神秘面纱

**Host 1:** One thing we have learned in all our episodes looking at the
Iranian stock market, and there have been a couple.

**主持人1:** 在我们过去几期关于伊朗股票市场的节目中，我们学到了一件事。

**Host 2:** Yes. But one thing we've learned is that Iran is actually
the 37th biggest economy in the world by nominal GDP. Can you guess like
another economy that is roughly that size?

**主持人2:**
是的。我们了解到，按名义GDP（国内生产总值：衡量一个国家或地区在一定时期内生产的全部最终产品和服务的市场价值总和）计算，伊朗实际上是世界第37大经济体。你能猜出哪个经济体的规模与此大致相当吗？

**Host 1:** Oh, that's a really... So, what is roughly similar to the
Iranian? I don't know. Go on. Go on.

**主持人1:** 哦，这个……哪个国家和伊朗差不多呢？我不知道，你继续说。

**Host 2:** Okay. Well, one of them is Denmark. So, yeah, that's pretty
big. But then when you start looking at things like geographical size,
uh Iran is, I think, the 17th biggest country in the world by
geographical size. It has a lot of people as well. So, you know, similar
to Turkey in terms of population.

**主持人2:**
好的。其中一个是丹麦。所以，这相当庞大了。但当你开始看地理面积时，伊朗按地理面积算是世界第17大国。它的人口也很多，你知道，在人口方面与土耳其相似。

**Host 1:** I know, you know, I know the population now.

**主持人1:** 我知道，我现在知道它的人口了。

**Host 2:** Oh, well, yeah, because Ted Cruz got stumped on it when he
went on Tucker Carlson's show. So, we all know that Iran has a
population of around 90 million. No one is ever going to make that
mistake again in public.

**主持人2:**
哦，是的，因为泰德·克鲁兹在塔克·卡尔森的节目上被这个问题难住了。所以我们现在都知道伊朗的人口大约是9000万。以后再也不会有人在公开场合犯这个错误了。

**Host 2:** But the one market that you can't really look up, right, is
Iran's stock market and the Tehran Stock Exchange specifically, which
again, as we know from previous episodes, has more than 600 companies
and is worth I think it was almost hundred billion. I don't know if it's
still that much, but I'm always really...

**主持人2:**
但有一个市场你真的很难查到信息，那就是伊朗的股票市场，特别是德黑兰证券交易所。正如我们从之前的节目中了解到的，它有超过600家上市公司，市值我记得接近千亿美元。不知道现在还是不是这个数，但我总是非常好奇……

**Guest:** It's around \$150 billion if...

**嘉宾:** 大约是1500亿美元。

**Host 1:** 150. Oh, wow. Okay. We're speaking with Matia Wial. He is
CEO and CIO of Antelon Capital, which is an Amsterdam based fund manager
which specializes in Iranian stocks. He's been on the show a couple
times before and we thought we would talk to him again just to try to
get a sense of what's going on in terms of Iran's economy and its stock
market.

**主持人1:** 1500亿。哇，好的。我们正在与Matia Wial对话。他是Antelon
Capital的首席执行官兼首席投资官，这是一家位于阿姆斯特丹、专门投资伊朗股票的基金管理公司。他之前上过几次我们的节目，我们想再次与他交谈，以便了解伊朗经济及其股票市场的最新情况。

## 伊朗经济的潜在规模：一个被低估的巨头

**Guest:** What is going on? If I can just comment on one thing because
the way you introduced Iran is the perfect way to show the country. It's
the size of Turkey in terms of population and actually geographical size
as well. But if you compare the economy of Turkey and Iran, it's around
five times smaller. So Iran is around five times smaller. And if you
look at the composition of the economy, Turkey has no natural resources.
So they have to import the whole energy commodities they they consume
and so on. Iran has a similar size of potential non-commodity GDP that
it could grow to. So from the current let's say 250 billion to 1.1
trillion GDP that Turkey has but also on top of this has resources that
are actually if you combine gas and oil they are bigger than Saudi
Arabia's and Saudi Arabia is another one I think three trillion dollar
economy. So this is a good way to just frame Iran as to show Iran as you
know it's a big country that should really be having much bigger economy
because of sanctions various reasons and so on. It's been underdeveloped
but the scale of this underdevelopment is like 10x.

**嘉宾:**
当前的形势如何？如果我可以评论一点，你们介绍伊朗的方式非常恰当。它的人口和地理面积都与土耳其相当。但如果你比较土耳其和伊朗的经济，伊朗的规模大约小了五倍。再看经济构成，土耳其没有自然资源，所有能源商品都需进口。而伊朗，其潜在的非商品GDP可以增长到与土耳其相当的规模，即从目前的约2500亿美元增长到土耳其的1.1万亿美元。不仅如此，伊朗还拥有丰富的资源，如果把天然气和石油加起来，其储量比沙特阿拉伯还大，而沙特是一个约三万亿美元的经济体。所以，这很好地描绘了伊朗的轮廓：一个本应拥有更大经济体量的大国，但由于制裁等多种原因，一直处于欠发达状态。这种欠发达的程度，可以说有10倍的差距。

## 地缘政治事件下的市场反应与信息获取

**Host 1:** And because of the sanctions we can't actually go and look
up what's happening in Tehran stock market. So why don't you give us an
overview of what it's been like for the past week given geopolitical
events.

**主持人1:**
由于制裁，我们无法直接查询德黑兰股市的动态。那么，考虑到近期的地缘政治事件，您能给我们概述一下过去一周的情况吗？

**Guest:** So for the past week it was difficult for everyone to to
check what was going on in Iran because internet was shut down
basically. So I could communicate with my team on the ground in Tehran
once a day when they had signal and sometimes it was WhatsApp that was
working, sometimes Telegram, but it was maybe once or twice per day. So
what was going on in the market was simply nothing. So the stock market
hasn't opened. Um the exchange of fire between Iran and Israel happened
on a Friday which is weekend in Iran and then on the following Saturday
there was an important religious holiday. So the market and actually the
whole economy was supposed to be closed anyway. The economic activity
the market was supposed to resume on a Sunday but they didn't open. So
so so so the market the stock market pretty much most of the currency
market has been closed for the last two weeks.

**嘉宾:**
过去一周，对所有人来说，要了解伊朗的情况都非常困难，因为互联网基本上被关闭了。我每天只能在德黑兰的团队有信号时与他们沟通一次，有时能用WhatsApp，有时是Telegram，但一天最多也就一两次。所以市场上的情况就是：什么都没发生。股票市场没有开市。伊朗和以色列的交火发生在周五，那是伊朗的周末。接下来的周六又是一个重要的宗教节日，所以市场和整个经济本就应该关闭。经济活动和市场本应在周日恢复，但它们没有开放。因此，股市和大部分货币市场在过去两周基本都处于关闭状态。

## 前沿市场投资的独特挑战

**Host 2:** Zooming out for a second. Actually, there are two really
thing things that strike me. One, this is true frontier market investing
when you're in a position in which you literally cannot easily
communicate with your team on the ground because there are lack of
internet or lack of communications. But it strikes me that in some sense
this is what the fund manager gets paid for because for many reasons
including the fact that it's not trivial to look up data or even access
these markets. A lot of investors are never going to be participating in
this market. And then you layer in on all these additional complications
like this is essentially at least in theory the deep risks that in
theory you get compensated for.

**主持人2:**
让我们从宏观角度看一下。有两件事让我印象深刻。第一，这才是真正的前沿市场投资——你甚至无法轻易地与当地团队沟通，因为网络和通讯都中断了。但反过来想，这在某种意义上正是基金经理的价值所在。因为查询数据、甚至进入这些市场都非易事，很多投资者永远不会参与其中。再加上所有这些额外的复杂性，这在理论上正是你们因承担深层风险而获得回报的原因。

**Guest:** Yeah. you get compensated for actually giving access to the
market because it's very difficult or impossible to get access at this
moment as a non-resident in Iran to the local stock market but also you
get paid for solving all the operational problems you know we we have
quite a long track record in Iran and the main thing actually that that
we're really proud of because investing when everything is priced for
war is fairly easy right and also you have a market that is very
inefficient because it's driven by retail investors like 90% of daily
flows we are coming from retail. So there is a a lot of alpha, a lot of
inefficiencies that you can harvest. But the real issue is our
operations. One thing is due diligence. I mean you know a lot of
sanction restrictions which are not on the whole country but were
related to many different entities, sectors and so on. So you have to do
due diligence on on every single like decision you're taking before
every every decision you're taking. But also you need to solve the
problems. For example, the problem of exchanging currency, making
transfers. Iranian banks are not connected to the Swift system. There
are specialized banks that actually do, for example, payments for
humanitarian trade with Venezuela, right, or Iran. So, food, medical
devices, this is never under sanctions and you need to be able to pay
for it. But those transfers take like nine months to execute, right?

**嘉宾:**
是的。你的回报来自于提供了进入市场的渠道，因为目前作为非伊朗居民，进入当地股市非常困难甚至不可能。同时，你的回报也来自于解决所有运营问题。我们在伊朗有很长的从业记录，我们真正自豪的是，当所有资产都已按战争风险定价时，投资本身相对容易。而且你面对的是一个非常低效的市场，日交易量的90%来自散户。因此，这里有大量的阿尔法（Alpha：指超过市场基准回报的超额收益）和可利用的低效性。但真正的难题在于运营。首先是尽职调查。制裁并非针对整个国家，而是涉及许多不同的实体和行业，所以每个决策前都必须做尽职调查。其次，你需要解决实际问题，例如货币兑换和转账。伊朗的银行没有接入SWIFT（环球银行金融电信协会：全球金融机构间进行安全信息交换和支付指令的标准网络）系统。有一些专门的银行处理，比如，与委内瑞拉或伊朗的人道主义贸易支付。食品、医疗设备这类从未被制裁，你需要支付这些款项。但这些转账可能需要九个月才能完成。

**Guest:** I remember we once had to process a payment for like a very
very official way. We had to have the signature of the actual minister
in Iran approving the payment. Right? So it took nine months alto
together but there are other ways there are other corridors payment
corridors that across emerging markets and including Iran that make it
much more efficient. So for example, right now when you have the stock
market, the currency market were shut down, but you could track the
exchange rate, what's going on with the exchange rate of the Iranian
rial versus dollar either on Telegram charts, but also on cryptocurrency
exchanges. So you have, you know, liquid market on stable coins versus
Iranian rial inside of Iran where, well, liquidity was limited during
the last period anyway, but we could see the changes. So we knew that
\$1 before the war was at around 830,000 rials per \$1. Then it went up
roughly 15% to 950,000 and now after after the ceasefire it's back down
at 850,000. So you can track the market you can actually make make
transactions depending on the vol on on the liquidity but it is
possible. And to be honest, I mean, when I saw those exchange rates
moves, 15% when you have a war where a lot of commentators were saying
that this could turn into a massive worldwide conflict that 15% in a
country like Iran, I would say that this is, you know, your usual
volatility on the currency market.

**嘉宾:**
我记得有一次我们处理一笔支付，走了非常官方的途径，甚至需要伊朗部长本人的签字批准。整个过程花了九个月。但也有其他更高效的支付通道，遍布包括伊朗在内的新兴市场。例如，最近股市和货币市场关闭，但我们仍然可以通过Telegram上的图表或加密货币交易所来追踪伊朗里亚尔（Rial：伊朗的官方货币）对美元的汇率。在伊朗国内，稳定币对里亚尔有流动的市场。尽管最近流动性受限，但我们能看到变化。我们知道，冲突前1美元约兑83万里亚尔，之后上涨了约15%到95万里亚尔，现在停火后又回落到85万里亚尔。所以，你可以追踪市场，甚至根据流动性进行交易，这是可能的。老实说，当许多评论员都在说这可能演变成一场大规模全球冲突时，看到伊朗货币15%的波动，我会说，这在伊朗货币市场上算是常规波动了。

### 获取一线情报

**Host 1:** wait, so when you're talking to your team on the ground when
you can get hold of them, what are the questions you're asking them
exactly? because the markets are closed. So presumably you're not
marking your portfolio to market on a daily basis. But what information
are you trying to get?

**主持人1:**
等等，当你好不容易联系上当地团队时，你具体会问他们什么问题？因为市场关闭，你大概不会每天按市值计价你们的投资组合。那么你想获取什么信息呢？

**Guest:** Well, the first few days the only information I was
interested in was if they were safe to be honest because you know the
the what residents of the other cities cities experienced was they've
never experienced just explosions in the city. It's like the older
Iranians compare it to the 80s when Iran was fighting Saddam Hussein in
Iraq. And this is when you know the last last time when when when when
someone was firing missiles at Iranian cities. So after a few explosions
that were too close to home they basically evacuated. They moved to
smaller cities and this was a big trend in Iran. So in Tehran a lot of
residents were just relocating out of Tehran. Tehran is a big city. It's
like 12 million people and they were moving mainly north to some smaller
cities by the Caspian Sea. So you had massive congestion like people
were spending hours in traffic jams trying to get out of the city. There
was not enough petrol on on gas stations just because of this peak in
demand. You had some petrol rationing. And then I was asking them okay
so is the economy working not working? So everything that was
non-essential basically was closed. So you couldn't I don't know build
buying materials or anything like this. But groceries, pharmaceuticals,
well, gas stations, banks, this was all open and working properly with
some disruptions. But those disruptions, for example, if you wanted to
buy groceries in the in north of Iran where everyone has just relocated,
you had some bottlenecks, logistical bottlenecks. So distribution was
not fast enough. So So you had some shortages just for a little while
with banks. Well, some branches were not operating at 100% capacity, but
two banks got hacked. So, you had some cyber attacks on on on two banks
in Iran and one cryptocurrency exchange. The rest of the banking sector
was working without any disruptions. You could get cash from any ATM.
So, there was there were no problems like this. So, these were the
questions about everyday life. And then very importantly, have any
listed companies reported any damages, right? that has there been any
destruction to civilian infrastructure important for the Iranian
economy.

**嘉宾:**
老实说，最初几天我唯一关心的信息是他们是否安全。因为当地居民从未经历过城市里有爆炸。年长的伊朗人将其比作80年代与伊拉克萨达姆·侯赛因作战时期，那是上一次有导弹射向伊朗城市。在几次离家太近的爆炸后，他们基本都撤离了，搬到了小城市，这在伊朗成了一个大趋势。在德黑兰，大量居民迁出。德黑兰是个1200万人口的大城市，他们主要向北迁移到里海沿岸的小城市。这造成了大规模拥堵，人们在交通堵塞中花费数小时试图离开。由于需求激增，加油站的汽油不足，甚至实行了配给。然后我就会问他们，经济是否还在运转？基本上所有非必需品行业都关闭了，你买不到建筑材料之类的东西。但食品杂货店、药店、加油站、银行都还在正常运营，只是有些中断。比如，在所有人都迁往的伊朗北部，你想买食品就会遇到物流瓶颈，配送跟不上，导致了短暂的短缺。银行方面，一些分行没有满负荷运营，有两家银行和一家加密货币交易所遭到了黑客攻击。但其余的银行系统运转正常，你可以在任何ATM机取到现金。所以日常生活没有这类问题。这些是关于日常生活的提问。然后，非常重要的是，我会问：有没有上市公司报告任何损失？对伊朗经济至关重要的民用基础设施是否遭到破坏？

## 伊朗股市表现：以美元计价的视角

**Host 2:** It's pretty crazy how hard it is apparently to get data. I'm
actually at the Tehran Stock Exchange Wikipedia page and whoever
maintains that page hasn't updated the number of listed companies since
2009 and there's a stock market chart here that goes to 2014. Setting
aside the last couple of weeks, how have Iranian stocks been doing the
last year or couple years?

**主持人2:**
获取数据显然非常困难，这太疯狂了。我正在看德黑兰证券交易所的维基百科页面，维护者自2009年以来就没更新过上市公司数量，这里的股市图表也只到2014年。抛开最近几周不谈，过去一两年伊朗股市表现如何？

**Guest:** Yeah. So, Iranian stocks, you have to observe it in US
dollars or in any hard currency, right? Because in in local currency
obviously doesn't tell you anything. If you looked at the stock market
in Zimbabwe when Zimbabwe was going bust the stock market was performing
amazingly in nominal terms in local currency terms but obviously in
dollars it it was going to zero and it's interesting because okay there
is information very upto-date detailed information on Iranian stocks
available in Iran but the majority of this information is not accessible
if you're trying to access it from a computer with your IP address
outside of Iran. So a lot of this information is restricted to Iran IP
only. But you cannot find anywhere on the in the whole internet right
there is no website that shows the stock market index in dollars. So
when we send it out to our investors or just people who want to read
news about the stock market in Iran, we are the only source of this
information. This is quite amazing. I mean it's a country of 90 million
people and you know stock market with 700 companies and there is no
single place in internet that would show you the the only important
index right.

**嘉宾:**
是的。对于伊朗股市，你必须用美元或任何硬通货来观察，对吧？因为用当地货币看显然没有任何意义。就像津巴布韦崩溃时，其股市以当地货币名义计算表现惊人，但以美元计价则趋近于零。有趣的是，在伊朗国内，你可以找到关于伊朗股票的非常详尽和最新的信息，但如果你从伊朗境外的IP地址访问，大部分信息是无法获取的，它们仅限伊朗IP访问。但在整个互联网上，你找不到任何一个网站显示以美元计价的股市指数。所以当我们向投资者或想了解伊朗股市新闻的人发送信息时，我们是这些信息的唯一来源。这相当惊人，一个拥有9000万人口、700家上市公司的国家，在互联网上竟然没有一个地方能显示唯一重要的指数。

**Host 1:** wait so sorry just to follow up on the question before in
USD terms terms generally how has the Tehran stock market been
performing setting aside the fact that in the last...

**主持人1:**
抱歉，追问一下之前的问题，以美元计价，德黑兰股市的总体表现如何？

**Guest:** sorry I didn't answer the question yes so over the last I
don't know eight years I think so let's say since the US and Iran signed
the nuclear deal back in 2016 so almost a decade ago it should be
roughly double that level right now so so so it doubled since then but
in the meantime there's been quite a roller coaster So Iranian stocks in
dollar terms are three times lower right now around three times lower
compared to the alevel back in 2020. So if you compare to August 2020
when there was a peak of a local let's say bull market and and a bubble
right now stocks are around three times lower than that in dollar terms.
Got it. And that's the main reason for that over the last two years has
been the the sentiment because 2023 started to really well for the
region. There was this historical breakthrough agreement between Saudi
Arabia and Iran. Both countries decided that they don't want conflict.
They it was basically like a peace treaty. They opened up embassies in
both countries. And that was huge because Saudi finance minister was
talking about investment opportunities in Iran. Iranian exporters were
hoping for new export markets to open up in the region from Egypt to
Saudi Arabia to whatever all the countries around. So that was that was
like a very positive moment. At the same time, Biden administration was
negotiating with with the former Iranian government. So everything
looked really really promising. Instead, obviously what happened in
October was Hamas was Gaza and that changed everything like sentiment
collapsed and no one really wanted to look at any risky assets in Iran.
So you had a situation where profits were going up when you're looking
at Iran and Iran and listed companies. Profits continued to grow but the
stock market was going down. So obviously valuations are just cheaper
and cheaper and cheaper but everyone was focused basically on the
potential for the regional escalation rightfully so and and not on you
know taking risk in their portfolios.

**嘉宾:**
抱歉我没回答那个问题。是的，在过去大约八年，也就是自2016年美伊签署核协议以来，股市以美元计价大约翻了一番。但期间经历了剧烈的过山车行情。目前，以美元计价的伊朗股票价格比2020年的高点低了大约三倍。如果你和2020年8月那个本地牛市和泡沫的顶峰相比，现在的股价以美元计价低了三倍。过去两年出现这种情况，主要原因是市场情绪。2023年本对该地区来说开局非常好，沙特阿拉伯和伊朗达成了历史性的突破协议，两国决定不希望发生冲突，这基本上就是一份和平条约，双方重开大使馆。这影响巨大，因为沙特财政部长当时在谈论在伊朗的投资机会，伊朗出口商也希望能向该地区，从埃及到沙特等周边国家，开拓新的出口市场。那是一个非常积极的时刻。同时，拜登政府也在与前伊朗政府进行谈判。所以一切看起来都非常有希望。然而，去年十月发生了哈马斯和加沙的事件，这改变了一切。市场情绪崩溃，没人愿意再关注伊朗的任何风险资产。于是就出现了这样一种情况：伊朗上市公司的利润在持续增长，但股市却在下跌。显然，估值变得越来越便宜，但所有人都理所当然地只关注地区局势升级的潜在风险，而不是在投资组合中承担风险。

## 市场构成：超越石油的多元化经济

**Host 2:** okay so when I think of the Iranian stock market I think of
two things I think oil and then I think geopolitical risk how does the
market typically handle or what do those exposures actually look like
and do when there's a big event such as what we saw in the past

**主持人2:**
好的，当我想到伊朗股市时，我会想到两件事：石油和地缘政治风险。当发生像我们最近看到的重大事件时，市场通常如何应对？这些风险敞口实际上是怎样的？

**Guest:** So in terms of oil, oil is not really publicly traded. There
is one Iranian monopoly called National Iranian Oil Corporation or
company that is responsible for production. Yeah, I think this is this
is all centralized in one company and this is held by the government. So
it's not publicly listed. You have some exposure to oil through oil
refineries that are listed, but refineries don't trade. They're not
sensitive to the price of oil. They are sensitive to the to the crack
spread, right? So which which defines their margin on on on refining
margin. So they are not really a proxy to oil prices. The whole stock
market actually is well diversified. So you have you know large sectors
such as chemicals mainly these are like petrochemicals I don't know
companies that that produce different products different versions use
natural gas that is in in large supply as a cheap commodity and produce
fertilizers or products like this right so this is probably 20% of the
stock market then you have steel companies the largest steel company in
the Middle East is in Iran you have car makers that produce around 1
million cars a more than 1 million cars a there. So with car
manufacturers you have all the related industries suppliers you know to
the car manufacturing businesses you have banks financials is is an
important sector plus some consumer exposure some building materials
cement companies are one of the best perform performance over the last
few years actually yeah so it's a well diversified stock market like
Iranian economy

**嘉宾:**
关于石油，石油本身并没有真正公开交易。伊朗有一家名为“伊朗国家石油公司”的垄断企业负责生产，这家公司由政府持有，并未上市。你可以通过上市的炼油厂获得一些石油相关的敞口，但炼油厂的股价对油价本身不敏感，它们敏感的是裂解价差（Crack
Spread：原油价格与提炼出的石油产品价格之间的差异），这决定了它们的炼油利润率。所以它们并不是油价的直接代表。整个股票市场实际上是高度多元化的。有化工等大行业，主要是石化公司，它们利用储量丰富且廉价的天然气作为原料，生产化肥等各种产品，这大概占股市的20%。还有钢铁公司，中东最大的钢铁公司就在伊朗。还有汽车制造商，年产量超过100万辆。围绕汽车制造业，有所有相关的供应商和产业链。银行和金融业也是一个重要板块。此外，还有一些消费品、建材公司——水泥公司在过去几年是表现最好的板块之一。所以，这是一个像伊朗经济一样多元化的股票市场。

## 核心投资逻辑：制裁解除后的巨大潜力

**Host 2:** So just big picture from your perspective because thinking
back to your first answer where you talked about okay here's in theory
what some comps could be and it could look like Turkey or it has
resources potentially on scale with Saudi Arabia. How much of the bet so
to speak from your perspective is what people would say like the option
value from something happening either it's a major softening between
Iran and the west perhaps regime change something that triggers the big
unlock like how much in your mind is it about at some point something
will reset and some and that massive opportunity could actually be
tapped

**主持人2:**
从您的宏观视角来看，回想您最初的回答，您提到理论上伊朗可以对标土耳其，或者其资源规模堪比沙特。在您看来，这项投资多大程度上是在押注一种“期权价值”，即未来某个事件——比如伊朗与西方关系大幅缓和，或者政权更迭——会触发这个巨大的潜力释放？您认为，在未来某个时刻，某种重置会发生，从而让这个巨大的机会得以实现的可能性有多大？

**Guest:** so you're asking about the potential of this opportunity.
look this is probably I mean from my perspective the biggest optionality
in enlisted markets in public markets that you can find yeah because one
thing is GDP and GDP the way I look at GDP currently I mean if you
Google it it says around \$400 billion. We think it's more like \$250
billion. It depends on the exchange rate that you use to to calculated.
So let's say Iran is \$250 billion GDP. And now Iranian non-commodity
economy, if everything goes well, could be as big as Turkey. And Turkey
is 1.1 trillion. And this is without any commodities because Turkey...

**嘉宾:**
您问的是这个机会的潜力。从我的角度看，这可能是你在全球公开市场上能找到的最大的期权性机会。首先是GDP，你谷歌搜索会看到大约4000亿美元，但我们认为更接近2500亿美元，这取决于你用什么汇率计算。我们就按2500亿美元算。现在，如果一切顺利，伊朗的非商品经济规模可以变得和土耳其一样大，而土耳其是1.1万亿美元。这还不包括任何大宗商品，因为土耳其没有...

**Host 1:** But there would need to be there would need to be an event
like something would need to happen, right? Is this the catalyst for
the...

**主持人1:** 但这需要一个触发事件，对吧？这个催化剂是……

**Guest:** absolutely yeah the catalyst is clear, right? Okay, I'll get
back to the potential for GDP in a moment. But the catalyst is
absolutely clear. It must be the opening up of Iran as a country and
opening up of the economy and sanctions lifted, the US sanctions lifted,
right? So there must be an agreement between the US and Iran. And what
needs to happen? Well, some sort of political change. So political
attitude must change on both sides. But to be honest, many analysts were
expecting some big dramatic event that needs to happen in Iran for the
country to properly open up. And when you look at Iran right now and you
compare to let's say even a few years ago when you had negotiations with
the US what were the biggest problem was it was always about two things
Iran enriching uranium too much basically at a wrong level and the
second Iranian regional policies right so financing proxies from
Hezbollah to Hamas you know those Assad in Syria and so on right so
these two things were always the problem that they couldn't negotiate
over. When you look at it right now, well, to a large extent, both
obstacles are gone. So, potentially this opens up a path to an
agreement, an agreement like a proper agreement. So, not the type of
nuclear agreement that was signed under Obama administration, which was
never strong enough. And I think both Americans and Iranians understand
this. I mean proper agreement that lists sanctions, US sanctions too.
and opens up the country to everyone to including like US investors if
they want to tap into the opportunity and I think I mean it seems that
this is the thinking in the US that if we do it we do it properly and I
think I mean not that I think I mean what what we've been hearing from
on the Iranian side like a few weeks ago when they were still
negotiating it was the same thing that they were showing Iran the whole
economy as a big opportunity like a trillion dollar opportunity, right?
Or \$2 trillion opportunity. I mean, it's a massive opportunity for all
the investors. So, this is the trigger. This is the catalyst that will
unlock this optionality, this potential of Iran growing GDP from the
current 250 billion to in some perfect scenario to \$2.3 trillion, which
would be a combination of Saudi and Turkish GDP. Yeah. Obviously, if
everything went well.

**嘉宾:**
绝对的，催化剂是明确的。我稍后会回到GDP潜力的问题。但催化剂非常清晰：必须是伊朗作为一个国家的开放，经济的开放，以及美国制裁的解除。所以，美伊之间必须达成协议。那需要发生什么呢？某种政治上的改变，双方的政治态度都必须改变。但说实话，许多分析师曾预计需要发生某个戏剧性的重大事件，伊朗才能真正开放。但如果你看现在的伊朗，与几年前和美国谈判时相比，当时最大的两个问题是：一，伊朗铀浓缩水平过高；二，伊朗的地区政策，即资助从真主党到哈马斯的代理人，以及叙利亚的阿萨德政权等等。这两件事一直是无法谈判的症结。但现在再看，在很大程度上，这两个障碍都已不复存在。这可能为达成一份真正的协议开辟了道路，不是奥巴马政府时期那种不够牢固的核协议，我想美伊双方都明白这一点。而是一份能够解除包括美国制裁在内的所有制裁、向所有人（包括想抓住机会的美国投资者）开放国家的协议。而且，这似乎也是美国的想法：要做就做得彻底。几周前，当谈判还在进行时，我们从伊朗方面听到的也是同样的信息，他们将整个伊朗经济展示为一个巨大的机会，一个万亿或两万亿美元级别的机会。这对所有投资者来说都是巨大的机遇。所以，这就是触发器，是解锁这种期权性、释放伊朗GDP从目前2500亿美元增长到理想情况下2.3万亿美元（即沙特和土耳其GDP之和）潜力的催化剂。当然，前提是一切顺利。

## 内部动态、资本管制与科技行业

**Host 1:** Well, but the other thing that's been happening over the
past week is we've had reports of an internal crackdown in Iran and
people getting arrested and things like that. And when I think internal
crackdown, I think hardening of capital controls, which Iran already
has. What are you hearing on that side of things? Because presumably
that would make your life, your job even harder.

**主持人1:**
但是，过去一周发生的另一件事是，有报道称伊朗内部正在进行镇压，有人被捕。当我想到内部镇压，我就会联想到资本管制的收紧，而伊朗本就存在管制。您在这方面听到了什么消息？因为这想必会让您的工作更加困难。

**Guest:** Uh look, capital controls have been in place for Iranian
entities for some time. When it comes to foreign investors, uh it's
obviously difficult to access, but everyone who is there and you have
some really really large, one of the largest Swiss companies, German
companies, Japanese, French companies still there, not increasing their
scale of their operations, but just sustaining what they've had for the
last 20 years there. and they are welcome. Same with with investors. I
mean Iran desperately needs capital in the form of FDI ideally but
portfolio investments as well to channel funding through the stock
market to local private companies. So so this is badly needed and Iran
is aware of that and understands this offers government guarantees. We
have the same guarantees as all the big European companies that are
present there against expropriation of assets and so on and so forth.
So, it's not that you're not welcome as a foreign investor. Quite quite
the contrary, I would say. There are programs that are designed to make
your life easier. You could even actually if you invest I don't remember
it was around €200,000 euro or dollar equivalent. You get a residency in
Iran if you were interested in this for five years, I think. So, so
there are many many programs designed specifically for foreign investors
to to make the local market more attractive.

**嘉宾:**
是这样，针对伊朗实体的资本管制已经存在一段时间了。对于外国投资者来说，进入市场显然是困难的，但所有在那里的投资者，包括一些非常大的瑞士、德国、日本、法国公司，他们并没有扩大运营规模，只是维持过去20年的现状，他们是受欢迎的。投资者也是如此。伊朗迫切需要资本，最好是FDI（外国直接投资：投资者对国外企业进行长期投资并拥有一定控制权），但也需要通过股市向当地私营企业输送资金的组合投资。这是急需的，伊朗也意识到了这一点，并提供政府担保。我们拥有和所有在伊的大型欧洲公司一样的担保，防止资产被征用等等。所以，作为外国投资者，你并非不受欢迎，恰恰相反。伊朗有一些项目旨在让你的投资更便利。如果你投资大约20万欧元或等值美元，你甚至可以获得伊朗的五年居留权。所以，有很多专门为外国投资者设计的项目，以使当地市场更具吸引力。

**Host 2:** Are there tech companies that trade on the Tehran stock
market?

**主持人2:** 德黑兰股市上有科技公司交易吗？

**Guest:** There are tech companies. The ones that are the that are
listed are related to enterprise software for the Oracle or SAP German
SAP but you have privately held companies that would like to IPO but
they are just waiting for the approval from the regulator and these are
quite amazing companies. You have Snap which is like an Uber but Snap
has more rights in Tehran than Uber in any city in the world. It's a
really world-class company. You have DJ Kala which is like a like Amazon
basically also a large company one of the biggest success stories and
many many many smaller e-commerce companies that are in the private
market.

**嘉宾:**
有科技公司。已上市的公司主要与企业软件相关，类似于甲骨文（Oracle）或德国的SAP。但还有一些私营公司希望进行IPO（首次公开募股），只是在等待监管机构的批准，这些公司非常出色。比如Snapp，它就像是伊朗的优步（Uber），但Snapp在德黑兰拥有的运营权比优步在世界任何一个城市都多，是一家世界级的公司。还有Digikala，它基本上就是伊朗的亚马逊（Amazon），也是一家大公司，是最大的成功案例之一。此外，还有许多规模较小的电子商务公司处于私募市场。
