---
title: "Transcript Report: James Holland on World War II, Hitler, Churchill, Stalin & Biggest Battles | Lex Fridman Podcast #470"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-05-25"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: ""
  guest: "" 
  source: "https://lexfridman.com/james-holland-transcript"
---

<div id="transcript-content" class="container">

# Transcript Report for James Holland: World War II, Hitler, Churchill, Stalin & Biggest Battles \| Lex Fridman Podcast \#470

<div class="source-info">

**Source:** <a href="https://lexfridman.com/james-holland-transcript"
target="_blank">https://lexfridman.com/james-holland-transcript</a>

**Author:** \[\[Lex Fridman\]\]

**Published/Created:** 2025-05-25



## Speaker Biographies

<div class="bio">

### Lex Fridman

Lex Fridman is a research scientist at MIT, specializing in AI, deep
learning, and human-robot interaction. He is widely known for his
podcast, the Lex Fridman Podcast, where he hosts in-depth conversations
with a diverse range of guests, including scientists, engineers,
entrepreneurs, and public figures, on topics spanning artificial
intelligence, science, philosophy, history, and the nature of
intelligence and consciousness.

Lex Fridman
是麻省理工学院的研究科学家，专注于人工智能、深度学习和人机交互。他以其播客“Lex
Fridman
Podcast”而闻名，在播客中，他与各行各业的嘉宾进行深入对话，包括科学家、工程师、企业家和公众人物，讨论人工智能、科学、哲学、历史以及智能和意识的本质等话题。



<div class="bio">

### James Holland

James Holland is a renowned British historian and author, specializing
in the Second World War. He has written numerous acclaimed books,
including "The War in the West" series, delving into strategic,
operational, logistical, and personal aspects of the conflict. He also
co-hosts the popular World War II podcast, "We Have Ways of Making You
Talk," and runs the "World War II Headquarters" YouTube channel,
providing detailed insights into the war's many facets.

James Holland
是英国著名的历史学家和作家，专注于第二次世界大战。他撰写了多部备受赞誉的著作，其中包括“西部战争”系列，深入探讨了冲突的战略、作战、后勤和个人层面。他还是广受欢迎的二战播客“We
Have Ways of Making You Talk”的联合主持人，并运营着YouTube频道“World War
II Headquarters”，提供对战争诸多方面的详细见解。



<div class="table-of-contents">

## Table of Contents

- [0:00 – Episode highlight](#chapter0_episode_highlight)
- [0:26 – Introduction](#chapter1_introduction)
- [1:13 – World War II](#chapter2_world_war_ii)
- [11:11 – Lebensraum and Hitler
  ideology](#chapter3_lebensraum_and_hitler_ideology)
- [18:23 – Operation Barbarossa](#chapter4_operation_barbarossa)
- [34:36 – Hitler vs Europe](#chapter5_hitler_vs_europe)
- [56:22 – Joseph Goebbels](#chapter6_joseph_goebbels)
- [1:06:17 – Hitler before WW2](#chapter7_hitler_before_ww2)
- [1:11:12 – Hitler vs Chamberlain](#chapter8_hitler_vs_chamberlain)
- [1:33:18 – Invasion of Poland](#chapter9_invasion_of_poland)
- [1:37:55 – Molotov–Ribbentrop
  Pact](#chapter10_molotov_ribbentrop_pact)
- [1:45:56 – Winston Churchill](#chapter11_winston_churchill)
- [2:09:56 – Most powerful military in
  WW2](#chapter12_most_powerful_military_in_ww2)
- [2:32:18 – Tanks](#chapter13_tanks)
- [2:42:17 – Battle of Stalingrad](#chapter14_battle_of_stalingrad)
- [2:55:09 – Concentration camps](#chapter15_concentration_camps)
- [3:04:40 – Battle of Normandy](#chapter16_battle_of_normandy)
- [3:18:32 – Lessons from WW2](#chapter17_lessons_from_ww2)



<div id="chapter0_episode_highlight" class="content-section">

## Episode highlight

<div class="highlight">

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And you see that manifest
itself on D-Day, where you’ve got 6,939 vessels, of which there are
1,213 warships, 4,127 assault craft, 12,500 aircraft. 155,000 men
landed, and dropped from the air, in a 24-hour period. It is phenomenal.
It is absolutely phenomenal.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
在D日，你看到了这一切的体现，当时有6939艘船只，其中1213艘是军舰，4127艘是攻击艇，12500架飞机。在24小时内，有155000人登陆并空降。这简直是惊人的。绝对惊人。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, yes, and because we,
humans, we like to interact, and you like to see people in three
dimensions, and I'm sure that's why you always, quite rightly, insist on
doing your podcast face-to-face. Because you want to get the cut of
someone's jib, and you want to be able to see them, and you want to see
the intonation and the expression and the whites of their eyes and all
that kind of stuff.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，是的，因为我们人类，我们喜欢互动，你喜欢看到人的立体形象，我确信这就是为什么你总是坚持面对面做播客，这很对。因为你想了解一个人的性格，你想能够看到他们，你想看到他们的语调、表情和眼神等等。*





Copy Transcript

<div id="chapter1_introduction" class="content-section">

## Introduction

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> The following is a
conversation with James Holland, a historian specializing in World War
II, who has written a lot of amazing books on the subject, especially
covering the Western front, often providing fascinating details at
multiple levels of analysis, including strategic, operational, tactical,
technological, and of course the human side, the personal accounts from
the war.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
接下来是与詹姆斯·霍兰德的对话，他是一位专注于第二次世界大战的历史学家，撰写了许多关于这一主题的精彩书籍，尤其是关于西线的部分，经常提供多层次分析的引人入胜的细节，包括战略、战役、战术、技术，当然还有人性的一面，以及战争中的个人经历。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> He also co-hosts a great
podcast on World War II, called We Have Ways of Making You Talk. This is
the Lex Fridman podcast. To support it, please check out our sponsors in
the description, or at lex fridman.com/sponsors. And now, dear friends,
here’s James Holland.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
他还共同主持一档很棒的二战播客，叫做《我们将让你说》。这是Lex
Fridman播客。为了支持它，请查看描述中的赞助商，或者访问lexfridman.com/sponsors。现在，亲爱的朋友们，有请詹姆斯·霍兰德。*



<div id="chapter2_world_war_ii" class="content-section">

## World War II <span class="timestamp">[1:13](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter2_world_war_ii)</span>

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> In Volume One of the War in
the West, your book series on World War II, you write, “The Second World
War witnessed the deaths of more than 60 million people, from over 60
different countries. Entire cities were laid waste, national borders
were redrawn, and many millions more people found themselves displaced.
Over the past couple of decades, many of those living in the Middle
East, or parts of Africa and the Balkans, Afghanistan, and even the
United States, may feel justifiably that these troubled times have
already proved the most traumatic in their recent past. Yet globally,
the Second World War was and remains the single biggest catastrophe of
modern history. In terms of human drama, it is unrivaled. No other war
has affected so many lives, in such a large number of countries.”

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
在您的二战系列书籍《西部战争》第一卷中，您写道：“第二次世界大战导致超过60个国家、6000多万人死亡。整个城市被摧毁，国界被重新划分，数百万人流离失所。在过去的几十年里，许多生活在中东、非洲部分地区和巴尔干地区、阿富汗乃至美国的居民，可能理所当然地认为这些动荡的时期已经证明是他们近期历史上最具创伤性的。然而，在全球范围内，第二次世界大战过去是，现在仍然是现代历史上最大的灾难。就人类戏剧而言，它无与伦比。没有其他战争影响过如此多国家中如此多人的生命。”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So what to you makes World War
II the biggest catastrophe in human drama in modern history, and maybe
from a historian perspective, the most fascinating subject to study?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那么对您而言，是什么让第二次世界大战成为现代历史上人类戏剧中最大的灾难，也许从历史学家的角度来看，是最引人入胜的研究对象？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The thing about World War II
is, it really is truly global. It’s fought in deserts, it’s fought in
the Arctic, it’s fought across oceans, it’s fought in the air, it’s in
jungle, it’s in the hills, it is on the beaches, it’s also on the
Russian steppe, and it’s also in Ukraine. So it’s that global nature of
it.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
关于第二次世界大战，它真的是一场全球性的战争。它在沙漠中战斗，在北极战斗，跨越大洋战斗，在空中战斗，在丛林中，在山丘中，在海滩上，也在俄罗斯大草原上，还在乌克兰。所以它的全球性就是它的特点。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I mean, I’ve interviewed
people who were away for four years. I remember talking to a tank man
from Liverpool in England called Sam Bradshaw, and he went away for four
years. And when he came home, he’d been twice wounded, he’d been very
badly wounded in North Africa, and then, he was shot in the neck in
Italy, eventually got home.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我采访过离家四年的人。我记得和一位来自英国利物浦的坦克兵萨姆·布拉德肖（Sam
Bradshaw）交谈，他离家四年。回家时，他受了两次伤，在北非受了重伤，然后又在意大利颈部中弹，最终回到了家。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And when he came home, his
mother had turned gray. His little baby sister, who had been 13 when he
left, was now a young woman. His old school had been destroyed by
Luftwaffe bombs. He didn’t recognize the place. And do you know what he
did? He joined up again, went back out of Europe, and was one of the
first people in Belsen, so …

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他回到家时，他的母亲头发已经灰白。他离开时才13岁的小妹妹，现在已经是个年轻女性了。他的老学校被德国空军的炸弹摧毁了。他都不认识那个地方了。你知道他做了什么吗？他又一次参军，回到了欧洲之外，是贝尔森集中营的第一批抵达者之一，所以……*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> What was his justification for
that, for joining right back?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
他这么做的理由是什么？为什么立刻又参军了？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> He just felt completely
disconnected to home. He felt that the Gulf of time, his experiences had
separated him from all the normalities of life, and he felt that the
normalities of the life that he had known, before he’d gone away to war,
had just been severed, in a really kind of cruel way, that he didn’t
really feel he was able to confront at that particular point.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他只是觉得与家完全脱节了。他觉得时间的鸿沟、他的经历使他与生活中的一切常态格格不入，他觉得自己参战前所熟悉的生活常态，以一种残酷的方式被切断了，那一刻他觉得自己无法真正面对。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But he decided to rejoin,
couldn’t go back to the Third Royal Tank Regiment, so he went back to a
different unit. It went from, kind of the Italian campaign, to the
European theater. Didn’t see so much action at the end, but a lot of
British troops, if you were in a certain division at a certain time, you
know, ended up passing very close to Belsen, and you suddenly realize,
“Okay, this was the right thing to do. We did have to get rid of Nazism.
We did have to do this, because this is the consequence. It’s not just
the oppression, it’s not just the secret police. It’s not just the
expansionism of Nazism.” It is also the Holocaust, which hadn’t been
given its name at that point, but you’re witnessing this kind of untold
cruelty.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但他决定重新入伍，无法回到第三皇家坦克团，所以他去了另一个部队。从某种意义上的意大利战役，转到欧洲战场。最后没有经历太多战斗，但是许多英军士兵，如果你当时在一个特定的师，就会发现自己离贝尔森非常近，然后你会突然意识到：“好吧，这是正确的选择。我们确实必须铲除纳粹主义。我们确实必须这样做，因为这就是后果。这不仅仅是压迫，不仅仅是秘密警察。这不仅仅是纳粹主义的扩张主义。”它也是犹太大屠杀，当时还没有这个名字，但你正在目睹这种无法言说的残忍。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And I’ve always sort of, I
think a lot about Sam. I mean, he’s no longer with us, but he was one of
the first people that I interviewed, and I interviewed him at great
length. And I know you like a long interview, Lex, and I totally,
totally get that. Because when you have a long interview, you really
start getting to the nuts and bolts of it.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我总是会想到萨姆。他虽然已经不在了，但他是我采访的第一批人之一，而且我对他进行了长时间的采访。我知道你喜欢长时间的采访，莱克斯，我完全理解。因为当你进行长时间的采访时，你才能真正深入了解事物的核心。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> One of the frustrations, for
me, when I’m looking at oral histories of Second World War vets is
usually, they’re kind of, they’re put on YouTube, or they’re put on a
museum website. They’re 30 minutes, an hour, if you’re lucky, and you’re
just scratching the surface. You never really get to know it, and you
feel that they’re just repeating kind of stuff they’ve read in books
themselves after the war, and stuff.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
对我来说，研究二战老兵的口述历史时，其中一个困扰是，通常他们的采访被放在YouTube上，或者博物馆网站上。如果幸运的话，只有30分钟，一个小时，你只是触及了表面。你从未真正了解它，你觉得他们只是在重复战后自己读过书里的内容，等等。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I always leave, kind of
feeling frustrated that I haven’t had a chance to kind of grill them on
the kind of stuff that I would grill them on, if I was put in front of
them.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我总是离开时感到沮丧，因为我没有机会就我如果面对他们时会盘问的那种事情来盘问他们。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So tank man. What was maybe
the most epic, the most intense, or the most interesting story that he
told you?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那么那位坦克兵呢。他告诉你的故事中，哪个可能是最史诗般的，最紧张的，或者最有趣的？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, I do remember him
telling me, funny enough, it’s not really about the conflict. I remember
him telling me about the importance of letters, and there was this guy
who, literally every few weeks, the post would arrive intermittently.
There was no kind of regular post, so it was supposed to be regular, but
it didn’t come around regularly. So you might suddenly, suddenly get a
flurry of five, all in one day.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，我确实记得他告诉过我，很有趣的是，它不是关于冲突的。我记得他告诉我信件的重要性，有这么一个人，每隔几周，邮件就会断断续续地到达。没有那种定期的邮件，所以它本应该是定期的，但它并没有定期出现。所以你可能会突然，突然在一天内收到五封信。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But he said there was this
guy in his tank, a member of a different tank troop. He was a good
friend of his in the same squadron. You had British half squadrons for
their armor, which is,Americans would have a company.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但他说他坦克里有一个人，是另一个坦克小队的成员。他是他在同一个中队里的一位好朋友。英军为他们的装甲部队设立了半个中队，这相当于美国的一个连。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I should say that in your
book, one of the wonderful things you do is you use the correct term in
the language for the particular army involved, whether it’s the German
or the British or the American.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我得说，在你的书中，你做得很好的一点是，你用相关军队的正确术语，无论是德国的、英国的还是美国的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, that’s not to be
pretentious. That’s really just because you’re dealing with so many
numbers, and different units, and it can go over your head, and you can
get sort of consumed by the detail, if you’re not careful. And as a
reader, it can be very unsatisfying, because you just can’t keep pace
with everything.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，那不是为了炫耀。那真的只是因为你处理的数字太多，单位不同，它可能会让你头晕，如果你不小心的话，你可能会被细节所吞噬。作为读者，这可能会非常不满意，因为你根本无法跟上所有事情的节奏。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So one of the things about
writing in the vernacular German, or in the American spelling, or more,
rather than our mauer, as we Brits would spell it, is it just
immediately tells the reader, “Okay, this is American, yeah, okay, I’ve
got that. Or, this is German, I’ve got that, or Italian, or whatever it
might be.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
因此，用德语白话写作，或者用美式拼写，或者更准确地说，而不是像我们英国人那样拼写“墙”这个词，它立刻就会告诉读者：“好的，这是美式的，嗯，好的，我明白了。或者，这是德语的，我明白了，或者意大利语的，或者其他任何语言。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But yeah, to go back to Sam,
so Sam, there was this guy in his squadron, and he’d get his letters
from his girlfriend, his wife, and he said, “It was like a soap opera.”
He said, “We all just waited for his letters to come in, so we could
find out whether his daughter had got to school or something, won the
swimming contest, or whatever it was.” The sort of details of this day
to day kind of banal life was just absolute catnip to these guys. They
absolutely loved it.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但是，是的，回到萨姆。萨姆说，他们中队里有这么一个人，他会收到女朋友和妻子的来信，他说：“那就像一部肥皂剧。”他说：“我们都等着他的信来，这样我们就能知道他女儿有没有上学，或者赢了游泳比赛，或者其他什么事情。”这种琐碎的日常生活细节对这些人来说简直是猫薄荷。他们爱极了。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And then, the letter
arrived, the Dear John letter saying, “Sorry, I’ve found someone else,
and it’s over.” And his friend was just absolutely devastated. It was
the only thing that was keeping him going, this sense of this sort of
continuity of home, this sort of foundation of his life back at home.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
然后，信来了，那封“绝交信”，写着：“对不起，我找到了别人，我们结束了。”他的朋友彻底崩溃了。那是唯一支撑他走下去的东西，这种家园的延续感，这种他生活中在家乡的基础。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Sam said he could see he was
in a really, really bad way, and he thought, “He’s going to do something
stupid.” And he went up to him, and he said, “Look, I know it’s bad, and
I know it’s terrible, and I know you’re absolutely devastated, but
you’ve got your mates here, just don’t do anything silly. Maybe when
it’s all over, you can patch things up or sort things out.” And he said,
“You’ve got to understand it from her point of view. It’s a long way.
You haven’t seen you for two years,” this kind of stuff, “so just don’t
do anything rash.” And of course, the next engagement, two days later,
he was killed. And he said it was just a kind of, he just knew that was
going to happen. So it was a sort of self-fulfilling prophecy.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
萨姆说他看出他情况非常非常糟糕，他心想：“他要做傻事了。”他走上前去说：“听着，我知道这很糟糕，我知道这很可怕，我也知道你彻底崩溃了，但是你还有你的战友在这里，别做傻事。也许一切结束后，你们可以修补关系或者解决问题。”他说：“你必须从她的角度考虑。路途遥远。你两年没见她了。”诸如此类的话，“所以别冲动。”当然，两天后的下一次交战中，他被杀了。他说那就像是一种，他就是知道会发生。所以那是一种自我实现的预言。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> That’s something I’ve never
forgotten, that story, and I just thought, “It’s about human drama,
that’s the truth of it,” and how people react to this totally alien
situation. For the most part, the Second World War is fought by ordinary
everyday people doing extraordinary things.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
那个故事我从未忘记，我只是觉得，“这就是关于人类戏剧的真相，”以及人们如何在这种完全陌生的情境下做出反应。在大多数情况下，第二次世界大战是由普通老百姓做着非凡的事情打赢的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And I think that’s something
that’s so fascinating. I think, instinctively, I’m quite slapdash, I
think. So I think I would’ve bought it literally. I don’t think it would
have ended well for me. I’m just a bit careless.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我觉得那真是太迷人了。我想，凭直觉，我相当草率。所以我认为我可能会信以为真。我不觉得对我来说会有好结果。我只是有点粗心。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah, I think I also have an
element in me, where I can believe in the idea of nation, and fight for
a nation, especially when the conflict is as grand.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的，我想我内心深处也有一个部分，我可以相信国家的理念，并为国家而战，尤其是在冲突如此宏大之时。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> There are things worse than
death.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 有些事情比死亡更糟糕。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yes, as the propaganda would
explain very clearly, but also in reality, yes. So a nation, France,
Britain, was maybe facing the prospect of being essentially enslaved.
The Soviet Union was facing the prospect of being enslaved, literally.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的，正如宣传所明确阐释的，但实际上也是如此。所以一个国家，法国、英国，可能面临着被本质上奴役的前景。苏联面临着被奴役的前景，字面意义上的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I mean, it was very, very
clearly stated what they’re going to do. They’re going to repopulate the
land with Germanic people, so …

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我的意思是，他们要做什么已经说得非常非常清楚了。他们要用日耳曼民族重新填充这片土地，所以……*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, they’re not just going
to do that. They’re also going to starve lots and lots of Soviet
individuals to death by the Hunger Plan, for example, which is planned
really very casually, and not by the, this is not SS units or anything
like this.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，他们不只是要做那个。他们还计划通过“饥饿计划”饿死许多许多苏联人民，比如，这个计划制定得非常随意，而且并非由党卫军部队或类似组织制定。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> This is the Wehrmacht, this
is the economic division of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht, the German
combined general staff. General Georg Thomas comes up, and Hermann
Backe, who’s the, kind of Minister for Food. They come up, “What are we
going to do? We haven’t got enough food,” largely because German farming
is inefficient, and they think, “Well, this is part of Lebensraum. We’ll
go in and we’ll take the food.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这是国防军，这是德国联合总参谋部国防军最高统帅部的经济部门。格奥尔格·托马斯将军和赫尔曼·巴克，食品部长，他们提出：“我们该怎么办？我们没有足够的食物。”这主要是因为德国农业效率低下，他们想：“嗯，这是生存空间的一部分。我们进去把食物拿走。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And there’s been this
colossal urbanization of the Soviet Union since the revolution in 1917.
“So they’re just not going to get their food, these people in these
cities because we’re going to take it all. And that’s going to lead to a
lot of deaths.” “Umpteen millions” is the phrase that Georg Thomas used.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
而且自1917年革命以来，苏联经历了巨大的城市化。“所以生活在这些城市的这些人将得不到食物，因为我们要把所有的食物都拿走。而这将导致大量死亡。”格奥尔格·托马斯使用的措辞是“不计其数的人死亡”。*



<div id="chapter3_lebensraum_and_hitler_ideology"
class="content-section">

## Lebensraum and Hitler ideology <span class="timestamp">[11:11](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter3_lebensraum_and_hitler_ideology)</span>

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So let’s talk about the Hunger
Plan. How important was the Hunger Plan and Lebensraum to Nazi ideology,
and to the whole Nazi war machine?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那么我们来谈谈“饥饿计划”。“饥饿计划”和“生存空间”对纳粹意识形态以及整个纳粹战争机器有多重要？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Essential to the whole
thing. This is all about this notion that is embedded into Hitler’s
mind, and into the minds of the Nazi party, right from the word go is,
there is a big sort of global conspiracy, the Jewish Bolshevik plot, I
mean, completely misplaced, that Jews and Bolsheviks go hand in hand,
and that somehow dovetail. They don’t, obviously.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
对整个事情来说至关重要。这完全是关于希特勒和纳粹党从一开始就深植于内心的观念，即存在着一场巨大的全球阴谋，犹太布尔什维克阴谋，我是说，完全是错误的，认为犹太人和布尔什维克是手拉手的，而且某种程度上相互配合。他们显然不是。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And the whole ideology is to
crush this. Part of the way the Nazis think, the way Hitler thinks is
there is a them, and there’s us. We are the whites, Northern European
Aryans, we should be the master race. We’ve been threatened by a global
Jewish Bolshevik plot. We’ve been stabbed in the back in 1918, at the
end of the first World War. We need to have to overcome, this is an
existential battle for future survival. It’s a terrible task that has
befallen our generation, but we have to do this, we have to overcome
this or else we have no future. We will be crushed. It’s absolutely cut
and dry.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
而整个意识形态就是为了粉碎这个。纳粹的思维方式，希特勒的思维方式的一部分是：有一个“他们”，有一个“我们”。我们是白人，北欧雅利安人，我们应该是主宰民族。我们受到了一个全球犹太布尔什维克阴谋的威胁。我们在1918年第一次世界大战结束时被背后捅刀子了。我们必须克服，这是一场关乎未来生存的存亡之战。这是我们这代人遇到的可怕任务，但我们必须这样做，我们必须克服它，否则我们将没有未来。我们将被粉碎。这绝对是一清二楚的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And one of the things about
Hitler is that he is a very kind of black and white, them or us,
either/or, kind of person. It’s always one thing or the other. It’s a
thousand-year Reich, or it’s Armageddon. There is no, there’s no middle
ground, there’s no gray area. It’s just one or the other. And that’s
how, that’s his worldview.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
希特勒的一个特点是，他是一个非常黑白分明、非此即彼、二元对立的人。总是一件事或另一件事。要么是千年帝国，要么是世界末日。没有中间地带，没有灰色区域。只有两者择一。这就是他的世界观。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And the reason he came to
the fore was because of the crystal clear clarity of his message, which
is, “We’ve been stabbed in the back. There is a global plot. We have to
overcome this. We are naturally the master race. We have to reassert
ourselves. We have to get rid of global Jewry, we have to get rid of
global Bolshevism, and we have to prevail, or else. But if we do
prevail, oh, what an amazing world it’s going to be.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他之所以脱颖而出，是因为他传递的信息极其清晰：“我们被背后捅刀了。存在一个全球阴谋。我们必须克服它。我们天生就是主宰民族。我们必须重新确立自己。我们必须清除全球犹太势力，我们必须清除全球布尔什维克主义，我们必须获胜，否则就会完蛋。但如果我们真的获胜了，哦，那将是一个多么美好的世界啊！”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So he starts with this.
Every speech he does, always starts with the same way, always starts
from a kind of negative, and always ends with an incredible, positive,
this sort of rabble-rousing crescendo of, if you’re in the front row,
spittle, halitosis and gesticulation. I mean, you’ve seen pictures of
him. I mean, I don’t know if you’ve ever seen pictures of him. He’s
almost, he wants to grab the air and clutch it to him.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以他以这个开始。他每次演讲，总是以同样的方式开始，总是从一种消极的基调开始，然后总是以一种令人难以置信的、积极的、振奋人心的最高潮结束，如果你坐在前排，会看到唾沫星子、口臭和手势。我的意思是，你看过他的照片。我的意思是，我不知道你是否见过他的照片。他几乎是想抓住空气，紧紧地抱住它。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> You can see the venom coming
out of his mouth, just in a single still photograph. I mean, it’s
amazing. There’s apps you can get now, where you can translate his
speeches, and it just sounds, by today’s standards, you would just
think, “What a load of absolute wibble,” I mean, just total nonsense.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
你甚至在一张静止的照片中都能看到他口中喷出的毒液。我的意思是，这真是太令人惊叹了。现在有一些应用程序，你可以翻译他的演讲，以今天的标准来看，你只会觉得，“这完全是一派胡言”，我的意思是，就是彻头彻尾的废话。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But you have to put yourself
back in the shoes of people listening to him in 1922 or ’23, or indeed,
1933, and see how kind of captivating that is to a certain part of the
population. So, yeah, to go back to your original point, Lebensraum is
absolutely part of it. So what you do is you crush the Bolsheviks, you
crush world Jewry, then you expand. Britain has had this incredible
empire, global empire. Germany needs that, too.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但你必须把自己置身于1922年或23年，或者确实是1933年听他演讲的人的处境中，看看这对一部分人口来说是多么的引人入胜。所以，是的，回到你最初的观点，“生存空间”绝对是其中的一部分。所以你所做的就是粉碎布尔什维克，粉碎世界犹太势力，然后你进行扩张。英国曾经拥有这个不可思议的帝国，全球帝国。德国也需要那个。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Germany’s stuck in Europe,
it doesn’t have access to the world’s oceans. So we’re not going to be a
maritime empire. We’re going to be a landmass empire, the whole of
landmass of Europe, and into Asia, that’s going to be us. We’re going to
take that land, we’re going to take the breadbasket of Ukraine, we’re
going to use that for our own ends.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
德国被困在欧洲，它无法进入世界的海洋。所以我们不会成为一个海上帝国。我们将成为一个陆地帝国，整个欧洲大陆，并延伸到亚洲，那将是我们。我们将占领那片土地，我们将占领乌克兰的粮食产区，我们将把它们用于我们自己的目的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> We’re going to make
ourselves rich, but we’re also going to spread our peoples. We’re going
to spread the Aryan Northern Master race throughout Europe, and into the
traditional Slavic areas, and we will prevail, and come out on top.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我们要让自己富裕起来，但我们也要传播我们的人民。我们要把雅利安北方主宰民族传播到整个欧洲，进入传统的斯拉夫地区，我们将取得胜利，并最终取得上风。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And so, you have to
understand that everything about Operation Barbarossa, the planned
invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941, is totally wrapped up in the
Nazi ideology. And people, I’ve read it, that historians will go, “If
only Hitler had realized that the Ukrainians have been quite happy to
kind of fight on his side, if only he’d actually brought some of these
Jewish scientists into the Nazi fold, then Germany might have prevailed
in World War II.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
因此，你必须明白，关于“巴巴罗萨行动”，即1941年6月对苏联的预定入侵，它完全与纳粹意识形态紧密相连。我读过一些历史学家的说法，他们会说：“要是希特勒意识到乌克兰人其实很乐意站在他这边就好了，要是他真的把一些犹太科学家纳入纳粹阵营就好了，那么德国可能就会在二战中获胜。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And you kind of think,
“Well, you’re missing the entire point. That’s just never going to
happen, because this is an ideological war.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
然后你会想：“嗯，你完全搞错了重点。那根本不可能发生，因为这是一场意识形态战争。”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah, this is not a pragmatic
rational leader.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的，这不是一个务实的理性领导人。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> No.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 不是。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I mean part of his
effectiveness, we should say, is probably the singular belief in this
ideology. There’s pros and cons. For an effective military machine,
probably having that singular focus is effective.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我的意思是，我们应该说，他的一部分效力可能在于他对这种意识形态的单一信仰。这有利有弊。对于一个有效的军事机器来说，拥有这种单一的专注可能是有效的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes, except that when you’re
making military decisions, if those decisions are always being bracketed
by an ideology, which is fundamentally flawed, from a pragmatic point of
view, as much as a kind of …

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，除非你在做军事决策时，这些决策总是被一种从实用主义角度来看，以及从某种程度上来说，根本上都是有缺陷的意识形态所限制……*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah, ethical.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 是的，道德的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Reasonable point of view,
you’re opening yourselves up for trouble. I mean, this is a problem he
has with Barbarossa. They realize very early on, in 1941, when they’re
war gaming this whole operation, that it’s not going to work.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
从合理的角度来看，你是在自找麻烦。我的意思是，这是他在巴巴罗萨行动中遇到的问题。他们在1941年初就意识到，当他们模拟整个行动时，它行不通。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So there’s people like
General Paulus, who’s on the staff at the time. He’s in charge of war
gaming this, and he goes, “This isn’t going to work.” And Keitel, who is
the chief of the OKW, goes, “No, no, no, no, no. Go back and make it
work.” He goes, “Okay.” So he comes back with a plan that does work, but
it’s bogus. I mean, it doesn’t work, because they don’t have. They don’t
have enough motorization.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以当时参谋部里有像保卢斯将军这样的人。他负责这项战争模拟，然后他说：“这行不通。”而德国国防军最高统帅部（OKW）总长凯特尔却说：“不，不，不，不，不。回去把它弄好。”他说：“好的。”所以他回来时带着一个确实能行得通的计划，但这只是个假象。我的意思是，它行不通，因为他们没有。他们没有足够的摩托化部队。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> They go into Barbarossa with
2,000 different types of vehicle. Every single one of those vehicles has
to have different distributor caps, and different leads, and plugs, and
all sorts of different parts.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他们参与巴巴罗萨行动时，使用了2000种不同类型的车辆。每辆车都必须有不同的分电器盖、不同的导线、插头以及各种不同的零件。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The interoperability of the
German mechanized arm is super inefficient. So you’ve got huge problems,
because they kind of think, “Well, we took France in 1940, and that’s
one of the most modern countries in the world, with one of the greatest
armies and armed forces in the world, and we did that in six weeks.” So,
Soviet Union, look, they struggled against Finland, for goodness sake. I
mean, how hard can it be?

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
德国机械化部队的互操作性效率极低。所以他们面临着巨大的问题，因为他们有点想：“嗯，我们在1940年占领了法国，那是世界上最现代化的国家之一，拥有世界上最强大的军队和武装力量之一，而我们在六周内就做到了这一点。”所以，苏联，看，他们连芬兰都打得那么吃力，天哪。我的意思是，能有多难？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But what you’re failing to
understand is that attacking the Soviet Union is over a geographical
landmass 10 times the size of France, just on the frontage. And you
haven’t really got much more mechanization than you had in May 1940,
when they attacked the Low Countries and France. And you’ve actually got
less Luftwaffe aircraft to support you, and you just do not have the
operational mechanics to make it work successfully.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但你未能理解的是，攻击苏联所跨越的地理陆地面积是法国的10倍，仅仅是正面战线。而且你拥有的机械化程度并没有比你在1940年5月攻击低地国家和法国时多多少。实际上你拥有的德国空军飞机也更少来支援你，你根本不具备使其成功运作的作战机制。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I mean, it is largely down
to incompetence of the Red Army and the Soviet leadership in the summer
of 1941 that they get as far as they do. I mean, Barbarossa should never
have come close to being a victory.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我的意思是，这很大程度上归咎于1941年夏天红军和苏联领导层的无能，才让他们走到了那一步。我的意思是，巴巴罗萨行动根本就不应该接近胜利。*



<div id="chapter4_operation_barbarossa" class="content-section">

## Operation Barbarossa <span class="timestamp">[18:23](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter4_operation_barbarossa)</span>

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Let’s talk through it. So,
Operation Barbarossa that you’re mentioning, and we’ll go back-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
让我们来谈谈。所以，你提到的“巴巴罗萨行动”，我们将回到——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, we’ve jupmed straight
into ’41.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的，我们直接跳到41年了。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> … to ’39 and ’40, straight
into it.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
……到39年和40年，直接开始。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I’ve eaten off two years of
war.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 我跳过了两年的战争。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So this is June 1941,
Operation Barbarossa, when Hitler invades the Soviet Union with, I
think, the largest invading force in history, up to that point.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
所以这是1941年6月的巴巴罗萨行动，当时希特勒入侵苏联，我认为这是历史上最大规模的入侵部队，直到那时为止。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Collectively, yeah.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 总体来说，是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> And there’s three prongs, Army
Group North, Army Group Center, Army Group South. North is going to
Leningrad. Center is going, it’s the strongest group, directly towards
Moscow, and South is going and targeting Ukraine and the Caucasus.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
它有三路大军：北方集团军、中央集团军、南方集团军。北方集团军指向列宁格勒。中央集团军是最强的一路，直接逼近莫斯科，南方集团军则瞄准乌克兰和高加索地区。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So, can you linger on that on
the details of this plan? What was the thinking? What was the strategy?
What was the tactics? What was the logistics? There’s so many things to
say, but one of them is to say that you often emphasize the importance
of three ways to analyze military conflict, of the strategic, the
operational and tactical. And the operational is often not given enough
time attention, and it’s the logistics that make the war machine really
work successfully, or fail.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那么，您能详细说明这个计划的细节吗？它的思考是什么？战略是什么？战术是什么？后勤又是什么？有很多东西可以说，但其中一点是，您经常强调从三个方面分析军事冲突的重要性：战略层面、战役层面和战术层面。而战役层面往往没有得到足够的重视，正是后勤保障决定了战争机器能否真正成功运作，或者失败。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, that’s absolutely
spot-on. And it’s interesting, because the vast majority of general
histories of World War II tend to focus on the strategic and the
tactical.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，这绝对是切中要害。这很有趣，因为绝大多数二战通史都倾向于关注战略和战术层面。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So what do I mean by that?
Well, the strategic, just for those who don’t know, that’s your overall
war aims, get to Moscow, whatever it might be, conquer the world. That’s
your strategy.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
那么我这是什么意思呢？嗯，战略，对于那些不了解的人来说，那是你的总体战争目标，比如抵达莫斯科，或者其他什么，征服世界。这就是你的战略。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The tactical side of things
is, that’s the coalface of war. That’s the attritional bit. That’s the
following in his Spitfire, the tank crew, the soldier in his foxhole,
it’s the actual kinetic fighting bit.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
战术层面，那是战争的前线。那是消耗战的部分。那是喷火战斗机、坦克乘员、战壕里的士兵，是实际的动能战斗部分。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The operational bit is the
level of war that links the strategic to the tactical. So it is
absolutely factories, it’s economics, it’s shipping, it’s supply chains,
it’s how you manage your war. And one of the things where I think people
have been guilty in the past, historians have been guilty in the past,
is by judging warfare all on the same level. But obviously, every
competent nation has a different approach to war, because of the nation
they are, the size they are, their geographical location.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
战役层面是连接战略和战术的战争层面。因此，它绝对包括工厂、经济、航运、供应链，以及你如何管理你的战争。我认为过去人们，历史学家过去犯的错误之一是，以相同的标准来评判所有的战争。但显然，每个有能力的国家都有不同的战争方法，因为他们是哪个国家、规模多大以及地理位置。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But America’s coming at it
from a different perspective, Britain’s coming apart, from a different
perspective. Britain’s empire is all about, it’s a shipping, it’s a
seaborne empire.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但是美国是从不同的角度来看待它的，英国正在分崩离析，从不同的角度来看待。英国的帝国完全是关于航运的，它是一个海上帝国。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Whereas, there’s also
another point, which is having large armies is actually inherently
impractical and inefficient, because the larger the army, the more
people you’ve got to feed, the more barracks you’ve got to have, the
more space you’ve got to have for training, the more people you’re
taking out of your workforce to produce tanks and shells, and all the
rest of it, because they’re tramping around with rifles.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
另外还有一点是，拥有庞大的军队实际上本身就不切实际且效率低下，因为军队越大，你需要喂养的人就越多，需要更多的营房，需要更多的训练空间，你会把更多的人从劳动力中抽走去生产坦克和炮弹，等等，因为他们都在拿着步枪到处走。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So there’s an argument
saying, actually, it’s really not a very good way of doing things. So
very much, the British way, and subsequently, the United States way, and
the way of Britain’s dominions and empire, is to use steel, not our
flesh, as a principle. Because the idea is that you use technology,
mechanization, modernity, global reach, to do a lot of your hard yards.
That’s the basic principle behind the strategic air campaign.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以有一种说法是，实际上，这不是一个很好的做事方式。因此，英国的方式，以及后来的美国方式，以及英国自治领和帝国的方式，其原则是使用钢铁，而不是我们的血肉。因为其理念是利用技术、机械化、现代化、全球影响力来完成大部分艰巨任务。这是战略空战背后的基本原则。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> When we talk about the
strategic air campaign, we’re talking about strategic air forces which
are operating in isolation from other armed forces. So a tactical air
force, for example, is an Air force which is offering close air support
for ground operations. A strategic air force has got nothing to do with
ground operations, it’s just operating on its own. So that’s your bomber
force, or whatever, that’s your B-17s and B 24s of the Eighth Air Force,
flying out of East England, bombing the industrial complex of Germany,
or whatever it might be.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
当我们谈论战略空袭行动时，我们指的是与其它武装部队隔离运作的战略空军。例如，战术空军是为地面行动提供近距离空中支援的空军。战略空军与地面行动无关，它只是独立运作。所以那是你的轰炸机部队，或者其他什么，那是第八航空队的B-17和B-24，从英格兰东部起飞，轰炸德国的工业综合体，或者其他什么。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So it’s important to
understand that when you compare, you have to have in the back of your
mind that Britain, compared to Germany, for example, is coming at it
from a completely different perspective. And I would say one of the
failures of Hitler is that he always views everybody through his own
very narrow worldview, which is not particularly helpful. You want to
get inside the head of your enemy, and he’s sort of guilty of not doing
that.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
因此，重要的是要理解，当你进行比较时，你必须记住，英国与德国相比，例如，是从一个完全不同的角度来看待问题的。我会说，希特勒的失败之一在于他总是通过自己非常狭隘的世界观来看待所有人，这并不是特别有帮助。你想要进入你敌人的头脑，而他某种程度上来说，没有做到这一点。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So when you’re talking about
Operation Barbarossa, to go back to your original question, Lex, you’re
dealing with an operation on such a vast scale, that that operational
level of war is absolutely vital to its chances of success or failure.
It doesn’t matter how good your individual commanders are at the front.
If you haven’t got the backup, it’s not going to work.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以当你谈论巴巴罗萨行动时，回到你最初的问题，莱克斯，你处理的是一个如此大规模的行动，以至于战争的战役层面对其成功或失败的机会绝对至关重要。你的前线指挥官个人能力再强也没关系。如果你没有后援，它就无法奏效。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And the problem that the
Germans have is yes, they’ve got their three million men on the front,
and they’ve got their kind of 3,000 aircraft, and all the rest of it.
But actually, what you need to do is break it down.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
德国人面临的问题是，是的，他们前线有三百万人，他们有大约三千架飞机，等等。但实际上，你需要做的是分解它。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And who is doing the hard
yards of that? The way that the German war machine works is that the
machine bit is only the spearhead. So people always talk about the Nazi
war machine. In a way, it’s a kind of misnomer, because you’re sort of
suggesting that it’s highly mechanized and industrialized, and all the
rest of it. And nothing could be further from the truth. The spearhead
is, but the rest of it is not.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
谁在做那些艰苦的工作？德意志战争机器的运作方式是，机器部分只是矛尖。所以人们总是谈论纳粹战争机器。某种程度上，这是一种误称，因为你似乎在暗示它是高度机械化和工业化的，等等。而事实并非如此。矛尖是，但其余部分不是。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And this is the fatal flaw
of the German armed forces in the whole of World War II, really, but
even in this early stage, because in Barbarossa, you’re talking about 17
Panzer divisions out of the 100-odd that are involved in the initial
attack. Well, 17, a Panzer division is not a division full of Panzers,
tanks.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这也是德国武装力量在整个二战中的致命缺陷，真的，即使在早期阶段也是如此，因为在巴巴罗萨行动中，你谈论的是参加初期攻击的100多个师中只有17个装甲师。嗯，17个装甲师并不是一个全是坦克的师。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It is a combined arms
motorized outfit. So, scouts on BMWs with sidecars, armored cars,
infantry grenadiers, Panzer grenadiers, which are infantry in half
tracks and trucks, mechanized. It is motorized artillery. It is
motorized anti-aircraft artillery. It is motorized anti-tank artillery.
Of course, it is tanks as well, Panzers. But those are a really, really
small proportion of, you’re talking, less than 20% of your attacking
force are those spearhead forces. And inevitably, they are going to be
attrited as they go. You are going to take casualties. Not only that,
you’re not going to just take battlefield casualties, you’re also going
to have mechanical casualties, because of the huge spaces involved. You
just simply can’t function.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
它是一个合成兵种的摩托化部队。所以，有骑着带边斗摩托车的侦察兵，装甲车，步兵掷弹兵，装甲掷弹兵——他们乘坐半履带车和卡车，实现机械化。还有摩托化炮兵。摩托化高射炮。摩托化反坦克炮。当然，还有坦克，装甲车。但这些只占你攻击部队的极小部分，你所说的，少于20%的攻击部队是这些尖端部队。而且不可避免地，他们会随着前进不断损耗。你会遭受伤亡。不仅如此，你不仅会遭受战场伤亡，还会遭受机械故障造成的伤亡，因为涉及的地域太广阔了。你根本无法正常运作。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So what you see is, in the
initial phases of Operation Barbarossa, they surge forward. Red Army’s
got absolutely no answers to anything. Stalin, weirdly, hasn’t heeded
all the warnings that this attack is brewing. And there have been
plenty, incidentally.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以你看到的是，在巴巴罗萨行动的初期阶段，他们势如破竹。红军对任何事情都束手无策。斯大林，奇怪的是，竟然没有理会所有关于这次袭击正在酝酿的警告。顺便说一下，警告有很多。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And Smolensk falls on the
15th of July, in just less than four weeks. It’s just incredible. Three
and a half weeks, Smolensk has gone, they’ve done, overwhelmed the rest
of what had been Poland. They’ve surged into what is now Belarus, taken
Smolensk. This is Army Group Center. Army Group North thrust up into the
Baltic. It’s all going swimmingly well.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
斯摩棱斯克在7月15日陷落，仅仅不到四周的时间。这简直令人难以置信。三周半，斯摩棱斯克就沦陷了，他们已经做到了，压倒了波兰剩下的所有地方。他们涌入现在的白俄罗斯，占领了斯摩棱斯克。这是中央集团军。北方集团军则直插波罗的海。一切都进行得非常顺利。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But then, the next several
months, they barely go a hundred miles, and that’s because they’re
running out of steam. The 16th Panzer division, for example, by the time
it’s taken Smolensk, involved in taking Smolensk on the 15th of July,
1941, the following day, it’s got 16 tanks left, 16 out of should have
180. So it’s just being attrited. They can’t sustain it, and they can’t
sustain it, because as the Russians fall back, as the Soviet Red Army
falls back, they do their own scorched earth policy.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但接下来的几个月，他们几乎只推进了百里，那是因为他们后劲不足了。例如，第16装甲师，当它在1941年7月15日攻下斯摩棱斯克时，第二天，它只剩下16辆坦克，原应有180辆。所以它只是在不断被消耗。他们无法维持下去，之所以无法维持，是因为当俄军撤退时，当苏联红军撤退时，他们也实行了自己的焦土政策。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> They also discover that the
railway line is kind of a different loading gauge, so they’ve got to
change it. So it’s slightly, the Russian loading gauge is slightly
wider. So every single mile, every yard, every foot, every meter of the
capturing of Russian railway has to be moved a couple of inches to the
left, to make it fit the German Kriegslok, in the standard train of
locomotive, of the Reichsbahn. Just imagine what that’s like.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他们还发现铁路的轨距不同，所以他们必须改变它。所以有点，俄罗斯的轨距稍微宽一点。所以每一英里，每一码，每一英尺，每一米所占领的俄罗斯铁路都必须向左移动几英寸，才能适应德国的Kriegslok，也就是帝国铁路的标准火车头。想象一下那是什么样子。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And also, Soviet trains are
bigger, so they can take more water, which means, the water stops in
between are fewer and far between. So they have to, the Germans, when
they come in, their trains, their Kriegsloks are smaller.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
而且，苏联的火车更大，所以它们可以装更多水，这意味着，中间的加水站会更少，相隔更远。所以德国人进驻时，他们的火车，他们的Kriegsloks（战争蒸汽车头）更小。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So they have to be
re-watered more often, and re-coaled more often. I mean, it’s absolutely
boggling just how complicated it is, and how badly planned it is,
because they haven’t reckoned on this. They’re having to kind of think
on their feet.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以他们必须更频繁地加水，更频繁地加煤。我的意思是，这简直令人匪夷所思，到底有多复杂，计划得有多糟糕，因为他们没有考虑到这一点。他们不得不随机应变。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I love the logistical details
of all of this, because yes, that’s a huge component of this, especially
when you’re covering that much territory. But there is a notion that if
Hitler didn’t stop Army Group Center, it could have pushed all the way
to Moscow. It was only maybe a hundred miles away from Moscow. Is that a
possibility?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我很喜欢所有这些后勤细节，因为是的，这是其中一个巨大的组成部分，尤其是当你覆盖那么多领土的时候。但是有一种观点认为，如果希特勒没有阻止中央集团军，它可能已经一路推进到莫斯科。它离莫斯科可能只有一百英里远。这可能吗？*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Because it had so much success
in the early days, pushing forward. Do you think it’s possible that if
Hitler, as we mentioned from a military blunder perspective, didn’t make
that blunder, that they could have defeated the Soviet Union, right
there and then?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
因为它在早期取得了巨大的成功，不断推进。你认为如果希特勒，正如我们从军事失误的角度提到的，没有犯那个失误，他们当时就能击败苏联，这可能吗？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, my own view is that
they should never have got close. The Red Army has plenty of men to be
able to see off anything that the Germans can do. The capture of Kyiv,
for example, in September 1941, was a catastrophe for the Soviet Union,
and should never have happened.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，我自己的观点是他们根本不应该接近。红军有足够的人力来对付德国人能做的一切。例如，1941年9月基辅的陷落对苏联来说是一场灾难，而且根本不应该发生。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I mean, Zhukov is saying to
Stalin, ” We’ve got to pull back across the Dnieper.” So I was going,
“No, you can’t possibly do that. You can’t abandon Kyiv. It’s the third
city in the Soviet Union. You just can’t, no way. No, absolutely not.”
And he goes, “Well, we are just going to be overwhelmed, we can’t hold
this.” And he says, “Either back me or fire me, back me or sack me.” So
Stalin sacks him.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我的意思是，朱可夫跟斯大林说：“我们必须撤回第聂伯河对岸。”所以我当时想，“不，你不可能那样做。你不能放弃基辅。那是苏联的第三大城市。你就是不能，绝不可能。不，绝对不能。”然后他说：“好吧，我们就要被压垮了，我们守不住这里。”他说：“要么支持我，要么解雇我。”于是斯大林就把他解雇了。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Obviously, as we know,
Zhukov gets rehabilitated in pretty quick order, and Stalin does learn
very quickly, thereafter, to learn the lessons. But the opening phase of
Barbarossa has been a catastrophe. As a consequence of Stalin refusing
to let his men retreat back across the Dnieper, which is a substantial
barrier, and would be very difficult for the Germans to overwhelm, had
they moved back in time, that’s another kind of 700,000 men put in the
bag. I mean, that’s just staggering numbers. But yeah, I mean, there’s
so many things wrong with the Barbarossa plan, too much of it. It’s just
such a vast area. I mean, you’re talking about, kind of, 2,500 miles or
something, of frontage.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
显然，正如我们所知，朱可夫很快就得到了平反，此后斯大林也很快吸取了教训。但巴巴罗萨行动的开局阶段是一场灾难。由于斯大林拒绝让他的部队撤回到第聂伯河对岸，那是一个巨大的障碍，如果他们及时撤退，德国人将很难突破，那又意味着70万兵力被包围。我的意思是，这简直是惊人的数字。但是，是的，我的意思是，巴巴罗萨计划有太多问题，太多的地方。它涉及的区域太广阔了。我的意思是，你谈论的是大约2500英里的战线。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Maybe if you put your Panzer
groups, which are these spearheads, and you put them all in one big
thrust, and just go hell for leather, straight across, on a much more
narrow front of, let’s say, 400 miles, rather than 1,200, then they
might have just sort of burnt away straight through to Moscow.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
也许如果你把你的装甲集群，这些先锋部队，全部集中在一个大的突击中，然后全力以赴，直接穿越过去，在一个更窄的战线上，比如说400英里，而不是1200英里，那么他们也许就直接冲到莫斯科了。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> They really caught the Red
Army unprepared.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 他们确实让红军措手不及。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Is there something to be said
about the strategic genius of that, or was it just luck?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
这里面有什么战略上的天才之处，还是仅仅是运气？*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So before that, would it be
fair to say it was one of, if not the greatest army in the world?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那么在那之前，说它是世界上最伟大的军队之一，甚至就是最伟大的军队，这样说公平吗？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, there was a lot of
experience. There’s a lot of experience there, that’s for sure.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，有很多经验。那肯定有很多经验。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> But also, technology material,
the size of the army and the number of people that are mobilized?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
但还有技术材料，军队的规模以及动员的人数呢？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes. Yeah, and they’re the
first people to adapt, create airborne troops, for example. So yes, I
think there is an argument to say that, but the decapitation is
absolutely brutal. If you’ve decapitated an army, you’ve then got to put
new guys in charge.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的。是的，他们是第一批适应并创建空降部队的人，例如。所以是的，我认为有理由这么说，但斩首是绝对残酷的。如果你斩首了一支军队，你就必须派新的人来负责。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And someone who looks, on
paper, like a half decent peacetime commander might not be a very good
wartime commander. They’re different disciplines and different skills,
and you don’t know that until you’re tested. It’s very hard to kind of
judge. And of course, Stalin is existing in a vacuum of paranoia and
suspicion all the time, which is unhelpful, when you’re trying to
develop a strong armed forces.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
而一个在纸面上看起来不错的和平时期指挥官，可能并不是一个非常优秀的战时指挥官。它们是不同的学科和不同的技能，直到你被检验之前，你都不知道。这很难评判。当然，斯大林一直生活在偏执和猜疑的真空之中，这对他发展强大的武装力量是没有帮助的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So they go into Finland, in
back end of 1939, and they get really badly hammered. They do take about
50, they get the Karelia Peninsula, and they do take some ground, but at
huge cost. I mean, the casualties are five times as bad as those of the
Finns, and it’s a humiliation.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以他们在1939年底进入芬兰，结果被打得很惨。他们确实占领了大约50个地方，获得了卡累利阿地峡，也确实夺取了一些土地，但付出了巨大的代价。我的意思是，伤亡是芬兰人的五倍，这是一种耻辱。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So Hitler sees that, and
thinks, “Oh, okay, they’re not up to much cop.” Then Hitler loses the
Battle of Britain, and he thinks, “I can’t afford to fight a war on two
fronts.” That’s one of the reasons why Germany loses the war in 1914 to
’18, is fighting on the Eastern front, but also fighting on the Western
front at the same time.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
于是希特勒看到后，心想：“哦，好吧，他们并不怎么样。”然后希特勒在不列颠战役中失利，他认为：“我不能承担两线作战。”这就是德国在1914年至18年战争中失败的原因之一，既在东线作战，又同时在西线作战。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> “We’ve got to avoid that,
but I’ve got to get rid of Britain. And Britain hasn’t come out of the
fight. Britain is still fighting in the backend of 1940, having won the
Battle of Britain. And so, maybe I’ll go into the Soviet Union now,
while the Red Army is still weak. We’re not 100% ready ourselves, but
let’s hurry the whole thing forward.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
“我们必须避免这种情况，但我必须除掉英国。而英国并没有退出战斗。在1940年底，英国赢得了不列颠战役后仍在战斗。所以，也许我现在就进入苏联，趁红军还弱的时候。我们自己也没有100%准备好，但我们还是把整个事情往前赶吧。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Because originally, he’d
been thinking of planning an operation in 1943 or 1944. So the idea is,
you take Poland out, you take out France and the Low Countries, you
conquer most of Western Europe, you knock out Britain, so therefore, you
don’t have to worry so much about the United States, because they’re
over on the other side of the Atlantic.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
因为他最初曾考虑在1943年或1944年进行一项行动。所以他的想法是，你先拿下波兰，再拿下法国和低地国家，征服西欧大部分地区，击败英国，这样你就不必太担心美国了，因为他们在大西洋的另一边。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> That then gives him, buys
him the time, to kind of rebuild up his strength for the all-out thrust
on the Soviet Union. The failure to subdue Britain in 1940 changes all
those plans and makes him think, “Actually, I’m going to go in early.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
那样就给了他，为他争取了时间，去重整旗鼓，全力进攻苏联。1940年未能制服英国，改变了所有这些计划，让他觉得：“实际上，我要提早行动。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And he’s also been kind of,
he’s hoisted by his own petard, because he starts to believe his own
genius. Everyone told him that he wouldn’t be able to beat France and
the Low Countries. Everyone told him that it wouldn’t work out when he
went into Poland, everyone was really nervous about it. “Well, go hang
you, cautious, awful aristocratic Prussian generals. I’m the best at
this. I’ve told you, I’ve shown you. I’m the genius. I can do it.” He
starts to believe his own hype.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他自己也算是自食其果，因为他开始相信自己的天才。所有人都告诉他，他无法击败法国和低地国家。所有人都告诉他，侵略波兰不会成功，每个人都为此非常紧张。“好吧，你们这些谨慎的、糟糕的普鲁士贵族将军，都见鬼去吧。我才是最擅长这个的。我告诉过你们，我向你们展示过。我就是天才。我能做到。”他开始相信自己的炒作。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And of course, this is a
problem. He’s surrounded by sycophants, and people who are constantly
telling him that he’s this incredible genius. So he starts to believe
it, and he thinks everything is possible.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
当然，这是一个问题。他周围都是马屁精，都是那些不断告诉他他是多么了不起的天才的人。所以他开始相信这一点，他认为一切皆有可能。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And he’s very much into this
idea of the will of the German people, “This is our destiny, and I have
a will.” As I say earlier on, it’s the thousand-year Reich, or
Armageddon, “but momentum is with us, and we need to strike it, and only
by gambling, only by being bold will the Germans prevail,” and all this
kind of nonsense. And so that’s why he goes into Soviet Union in June
1941, rather than a couple of, or even three years later.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他非常相信德国人民的意志，他说：“这是我们的命运，我有一个意志。”就像我之前说的，要么是千年帝国，要么是世界末日，“但是我们现在势头正好，我们需要抓住机会，只有冒险，只有大胆，德国人才能取胜”，等等这些废话。所以这就是他选择在1941年6月入侵苏联的原因，而不是两三年，甚至三年后再行动。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah. He really hated the
Prussian generals, huh?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的。他真的很讨厌普鲁士将军们，是吧？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, he hated them.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的，他恨他们。*



<div id="chapter5_hitler_vs_europe" class="content-section">

## Hitler vs Europe <span class="timestamp">[34:36](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter5_hitler_vs_europe)</span>

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Is there a case to be made
that there, he was indeed, at times a military genius?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
有没有可能，在某些时候，他确实是一个军事天才？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> No, I don’t think so.
Because none of the plan, I mean, even the plan for the invasion of
France and the Low Countries isn’t his.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
不，我不这么认为。因为所有的计划，我的意思是，即使入侵法国和低地国家的计划也不是他的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The concept is from
Manstein’s, and the execution is Guderian’s, Heinz Guderian. Heinz
Guderian is the pioneer of the Panzer force, of the Panzer thrust, this
…

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这个概念来自曼施泰因，执行者是古德里安，海因茨·古德里安。海因茨·古德里安是装甲部队的先驱，是装甲突击的先驱，就是这个……*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> … pioneer of the Panzer
force, the Panzer thrust, this idea of the ultra mechanized combined
arms, Panzer arm spearhead doing this kind of lightning fast thrust.
It’s not Hitler’s idea. He adopts it and takes it as his own, because
he’s the führer. He can do what he likes, but it isn’t his. And up until
that point, until that comes into being, until that plan is put forward
to Franz Halder, who is the chief of staff of the German army at that
time, Halder is just thinking, “How do we get out of this mess? This is
just a nightmare.” Because they know that France has got a larger army,
they know that France has got more tanks, and know that France has got
double the number of artillery pieces. It’s got parity in terms of air
force. And then you add Holland, then you add Belgium, then you add
Great Britain. And that looks like a very, very tough nut to crack. I
mean, the reason why France is subdued in 1940 is 50% brilliance of the
Germans and their operational art in that particular instance, and 50%
French failure really, and incompetence.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
……装甲部队的先驱，装甲突击，这种超机械化合成兵种、装甲兵矛头进行闪电般突击的思想。这并非希特勒的主意。他采纳并据为己有，因为他是元首。他可以为所欲为，但这并非他的原创。而在此之前，直到这个想法形成，直到这个计划提交给当时德国陆军参谋长弗朗茨·哈尔德时，哈尔德只是在想：“我们如何摆脱这个烂摊子？这简直就是一场噩梦。”因为他们知道法国拥有更庞大的军队，他们知道法国拥有更多的坦克，并且知道法国的火炮数量是其两倍。在空军方面，两国实力旗鼓相当。然后再加上荷兰、比利时，再是英国。那看起来就像一个非常、非常难啃的骨头。我的意思是，1940年法国之所以被征服，50%归因于德国人的才华和他们在那特定情况下的作战艺术，而另外50%则确实是法国的失败和无能。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I mean, there is a kind of
genius to be able to see, and take advantage, and set up the world stage
in such a way that you have the appeasement from France and Britain,
keep the United States out of it, just set up the world stage where you
could just plow through everybody with very little resistance. I mean,
there is a kind of-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我的意思是，这有点像一种天赋，能够看到并利用，并以这样一种方式搭建世界舞台，使法国和英国采取绥靖政策，将美国置身事外，仅仅是搭建一个世界舞台，让你能够以极小的抵抗横扫一切。我的意思是，这是一种——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, yes, if it works.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 嗯，是的，如果它有效的话。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> … geopolitical genius.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> ……地缘政治天才。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> If it works. But it doesn’t.
That’s a problem. I mean, he goes into Poland on the assumption that
Britain and France will not declare war. He is not prepared for Britain
and France declaring war on Germany.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
如果它有效。但它没有。那是个问题。我的意思是，他入侵波兰是基于英国和法国不会宣战的假设。他没有为英国和法国向德国宣战做好准备。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Right.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 对。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> He thinks they won’t.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 他认为他们不会。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> That’s right. So
miscalculation, blunder. But then France does, right? And then France
does not successfully do anything with this incredible army that it has.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的。所以是误判，失误。但后来法国确实宣战了，对吧？然后法国并没有成功地利用它拥有的这支难以置信的军队做任何事情。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It has the size. But one of
the problems that France has is that it’s very, very top-heavy. It’s
very cumbersome in the way it operates. There’s no question that it’s
got some brilliant young commanders, but at the top, the commanders are
very old. Most of them are first World War veterans, whether, I mean,
Weygand, Gamelin, General Georges, these people, they’re all well into
their 60s. General Georges is the youngest army commander and he’s 60.
It’s too old to be an army commander. You need to be in your late 40s,
early 50s. And they’re too just consumed by conservatism and the old
ways. And what they assume is that any future war will be much like the
first World War. It’ll be attritional, long and drawn out, but static.
But actually they’re right on two parts of it. As it turns out, it is
going to be long, and drawn out, and attritional, but it’s going to be
mobile rather than static. And that’s a big miscalculation.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
它有规模。但法国的一个问题是它非常非常头重脚轻。它的运作方式非常笨重。毫无疑问，它有一些杰出的年轻指挥官，但在高层，指挥官们都非常年迈。他们大多数是第一次世界大战的老兵，我的意思是，无论是魏刚、甘末林还是乔治将军，这些人，他们都年过六旬了。乔治将军是最年轻的集团军司令，他60岁。作为集团军司令来说，太老了。你需要四五十岁。他们太过于被保守主义和旧有方式所束缚。他们假设任何未来的战争都会很像第一次世界大战。会是消耗战，漫长而旷日持久，但却是静态的。但实际上他们说对了两点。结果是，它确实会是漫长、旷日持久且消耗巨大的，但它会是机动的而非静态的。这是一个巨大的误判。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Here’s my question. I think
you’re being too nice on France, here.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
这是我的问题。我觉得你对法国太仁慈了。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, they absolutely could
have.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的，他们绝对可以。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> And I know you said, “It’s
very top-heavy,” and you’re saying all of these things, but they
literally did basically nothing.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
而且我知道你说过“它头重脚轻”，你说了所有这些，但他们实际上什么也没做。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, they were appalling.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的，他们糟糕透了。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> And I think a part of that,
and I think you described this well, maybe you could speak to that, is
the insanity that is Hitler creating the psychological, with the
propaganda, creating this feeling that there’s this Nazi force that’s
unstoppable, so France just didn’t want to step into that. Maybe there
were legitimately, I hesitate to say these words, but scared of war.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
而且我认为部分原因，我认为你描述得很好，也许你可以谈谈，是希特勒通过宣传制造的这种心理上的疯狂，制造出一种纳粹力量不可阻挡的感觉，所以法国根本不想涉足其中。也许他们是真的，我犹豫着说这些词，但他们害怕战争。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> A hundred percent they are,
because France has been totally traumatized by the first World War.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
百分之百是这样，因为法国已经被第一次世界大战彻底创伤了。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> By World War.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 被世界大战。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It’s fought on their land,
it’s fought in their industrial heartland. They lose three times the
amount of people killed that Britain does. Britain’s traumatized by it,
but not to the same degree that France is. There is just no stomach to
do that again. So that makes them risk averse. And by being risk averse,
you’re actually taking a far greater risk. That’s the irony of it. And
the truth is also there isn’t the political will. And a successful
military can only be successful if there is a political will at the top.
And the problem with France in the 1930s is it’s very politically
divided. It’s a time of multiple governments, multiple prime ministers,
coalition governments, really very extreme coalition governments from
the sort of drawn from the left and the right as well as the center.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
战争在他们的土地上进行，在他们的工业腹地进行。他们损失的人员是英国的三倍。英国也因此受到创伤，但不如法国那么严重。根本没有勇气再来一次。所以这让他们规避风险。而通过规避风险，你实际上承担了更大的风险。这就是它的讽刺之处。事实是，也缺乏政治意愿。一支成功的军队只有在最高层有政治意愿时才能成功。1930年代法国的问题在于它政治上非常分裂。那是多届政府、多位首相、联合政府的时代，实际上是非常极端的联合政府，既有左翼和右翼，也有中间派。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And this is not a coalition
of two parties. This is a coalition of multiple parties. No one can ever
agree anything. I mean, that’s the problem. It’s amazing that the
Maginot Line has even agreed, this incredibly strong defensive position
down the western side of France border with Germany, which is kind of
largely impregnable. But the problem is the bit that’s not impregnable,
which is the hinge where the Maginot Line ends, and it sort of basically
starts turning towards in a northerly direction and the border with
Belgium.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这不是两个政党组成的联合政府。这是一个由多个政党组成的联合政府。没有人能达成任何协议。我的意思是，这就是问题所在。令人惊讶的是马奇诺防线甚至得到了通过，这个沿着法国与德国边境西侧的令人难以置信的坚固防御工事，它基本上是坚不可摧的。但问题在于不可摧毁的部分，也就是马奇诺防线的末端，它基本上开始向北转向，与比利时接壤。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And what they should have
done is built border defenses all along the northern coast of Belgium,
because Belgium refused to allow any allied troops into its territory.
It was neutral. And France should have said, “Okay, fine. Well, then
we’ll defend. We’re not going to come to your rescue if you get invaded.
That’s the payoff. And the consequence of that, we are going to stop
\\inaudible 00:40:50\\ that, and we’re not going to be drawn into the
neutral territory should Germany invade from the west.” But they don’t
do that because of the psychological damage of having fought a war in
exactly that area a generation earlier. And that’s the problem.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他们本应该做的是沿着比利时北部海岸线修建边境防御工事，因为比利时拒绝任何盟军进入其领土。它是中立的。法国本应该说：“好吧，那我们就防御。如果你被入侵，我们不会来营救你。这就是代价。而这样做的后果是，我们将阻止\[听不清
00:40:50\]，如果德国从西部入侵，我们也不会被卷入中立
территории。”但他们没有这样做，因为一代人之前恰好在该地区发生的战争造成了心理创伤。这就是问题所在。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Germany is so weakened by
the invasion of Poland. There is literally nothing left. The back door
into Western Germany is completely open. And so they do what they call
the Saar offensive, but it’s not. It’s a kind of reconnaissance in force
where they go across the border, pick their noses for a few days, and
then trundle back again. And it’s embarrassing. And what you’re seeing
there is a nation which is just not ready for this, which is scared,
which is politically divided, which is then having a knock on effect on
the decision-making process, and which is just consumed by military
complacency. And that’s the big problem. There is this, the commanders
at the very top of the French regime are complacent. They haven’t bought
into modern ways. They haven’t looked at how contemporary technology
could help them.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
德国在入侵波兰后力量大为削弱。简直什么都没剩下。通往西德的后门完全敞开。于是他们发起了所谓的萨尔攻势，但那并非真正的攻势。那是一种武装侦察，他们越过边境，摸索几天，然后又拖着步子退了回来。这很令人尴尬。你看到的是一个根本没有准备好应对这一切的国家，一个害怕、政治分裂的国家，这反过来又影响了决策过程，并且完全被军事自满情绪所吞噬。这才是大问题。法国政权最高层的指挥官们自满成性。他们没有接受现代作战方式。他们没有考虑当代技术如何能帮助他们。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I mean, it is absurd, for
example, that there isn’t a single radio in the Chateau de Vincennes,
which, it’s the headquarters of the commander in chief of the French
armed forces to General Maurice Gamelin. I mean, it’s just unbelievable.
But that is the case. And there’s no getting away from that. And it is
all the more ironic when you consider that France is actually the most
automotive society in Europe. It’s the second most automotive society in
the world after the United States, by some margin, it has to be said as
well. It has a fantastic transportation system. Railway network is
superb. There are eight people for every motorized vehicle in France,
which is way above Germany, which is in 1949, that figure is 47, for
example.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我的意思是，举个例子，文森城堡里连一台收音机都没有，那里是法国武装部队总司令莫里斯·甘末林将军的总部。我的意思是，这简直令人难以置信。但事实就是如此。这一点是无法否认的。当你考虑到法国实际上是欧洲机动化程度最高的社会时，这更具讽刺意味。它在世界上仅次于美国，是第二大机动化社会，这一点也必须说清楚。它拥有一个出色的运输系统。铁路网非常棒。法国每八个人就有一辆机动车，这远远高于德国，例如，1949年这个数字是47。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> What?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 什么？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It’s 106 in Italy.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 意大利是106。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So France is very mechanized,
like-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
所以法国非常机械化，就像——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Very mechanized. So come on,
guys, pull your finger out, get it together. And they just don’t.
They’re incredibly slow and cumbersome. And what they think is what will
happen is the Germans won’t think of going, they won’t do a pincer
movement because you can’t possibly take motorized forces through the
Ardennes. That just is not possible, which is the hinge area between the
end of the Maginot, the northern part of the Maginot Line, which runs
down the eastern border of France and the northern bit. And so, “What
we’ll do with that hinge around the town of Sedan, we’ll move into
Belgium, we’ll meet the Germans before they get anywhere near France.
We’ll hold them. And while we’re holding them, we will bring up our
reserves, and then we’ll counterattack, and crush them.” That’s the idea
behind it. But the problem is they don’t have a means of moving fast.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
非常机械化。所以，伙计们，快行动起来，把事情做好。但他们就是没有。他们慢得令人难以置信，笨拙不堪。他们认为德国人不会想到进攻，不会进行钳形攻势，因为你不可能把机械化部队带入阿登地区。这根本不可能，阿登地区是马奇诺防线末端与法国东部边境和北部接壤处的枢纽地带。所以，“我们会在色当镇周围的那个枢纽地区做什么呢，我们会进入比利时，在德国人靠近法国之前
intercept
他们。我们会守住他们。在我们守住他们的时候，我们会调集我们的预备队，然后我们反击，击溃他们。”这就是背后的想法。但问题是他们没有快速移动的手段。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And their communication
systems are dreadful, absolutely dreadful. They’re dependent on
conventional telephone lines, which dive bombers and whatever are just
absolutely wrecking. Suddenly the streets are clogged with refugees and
people can’t move. So then telephone lines are down, there’s no radios,
so that you’re then dependent on sending dispatch riders on little
motorbikes. General Maurice Gamelin sends out a dispatch rider at six
o’clock in the morning. By 12 o’clock he hasn’t come back, so you then
send another one. Finally, the answer comes back, nine o’clock at night,
by which time the Germans advance another 15 miles. And the original
message that you sent at six o’clock that morning is completely
redundant and has passed its sell by date. And that’s happening every
step of the way. So you’ve got overall command headquarters, then you’ve
got army group, then you’ve got army, then you’ve got corps, then you’ve
got division.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他们的通讯系统糟透了，简直是糟透了。他们依赖传统的电话线，而俯冲轰炸机什么的，正把它们彻底毁掉。突然间街道上挤满了难民，人们无法移动。于是电话线中断了，又没有无线电，所以你只能依赖派摩托车派送传令兵。莫里斯·甘沫林将军早上六点派出一个传令兵。到十二点他还没回来，所以你又派了另一个。最终，答案在晚上九点才回来，那时德国人又推进了15英里。而你早上六点发出的原始信息已经完全多余，过期了。这种事每一步都在发生。所以你有总指挥部，然后有集团军群，然后有集团军，然后有军，然后有师。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So the consequence of all
that is that French just can’t move. They’re just stuck. They’re rabbits
in headlights, and the Germans are able to move them, destroy them in
isolation. Meanwhile, they’re able to use their excellent communications
to very, very good effect. And you were talking about the genius of war.
It’s not Hitler that’s a genius. If anyone’s a genius, it’s Goebbels,
the propaganda chief. And it is their ability to harness that they are
the kings of messaging. They don’t have X, don’t have social media, but
they do have new technology. And that new technology, that new approach
is flooding the airwaves with their singular message, which is always
the same, and has been ever since the Nazis come into power, and it is
using radios. And I think radios are really, really key to the whole
story because there is no denser radio network anywhere in the world,
including the United States, than Germany in 1939.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
因此，所有这一切的后果是法国人根本无法行动。他们就像被汽车大灯照住的兔子，动弹不得，而德国人能够移动他们，并将其部队各个击破。与此同时，他们能够非常有效地利用他们出色的通讯系统。而你谈论的是战争的天才。希特勒并非天才。如果说谁是天才，那就是戈培尔，宣传部长。正是他们驾驭信息的能力，他们是信息传播的王者。他们没有X，没有社交媒体，但他们确实有新技术。而这种新技术，这种新方法正在用他们单一的信息淹没电波，这个信息始终如一，自纳粹上台以来一直如此，那就是使用电台。我认为无线电台在整个故事中真的非常非常关键，因为1939年德国拥有比世界上任何地方，包括美国在内，都更密集的无线电网络。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So 70% of households in
Germany have radios by 1939, which is an unprecedented number. That is
only beaten by United States and only just. So it is greater than any
other nation in Europe. And in terms of flooding the airwaves, it is the
densest, because even for those who, the 30% who don’t have radios,
“That’s not a problem because we’ll put them in the stairwells of
apartment blocks, we’ll put them in squares, we’ll put them in cafés and
bars. And the same stuff, the Nazi state controls the radio airwaves as
it does the movies, as it does newspapers, all aspects of the media are
controlled by Goebbels and propaganda ministry. And they are putting out
the same message over and over again.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
因此，到1939年，德国70%的家庭拥有收音机，这是一个前所未有的数字。这个数字仅次于美国，而且差距很小。所以它超过了欧洲其他任何国家。在充斥电波方面，它是最密集的，因为即使对于那些没有收音机的30%的人来说，“这不是问题，因为我们会把它们放在公寓楼的楼梯间里，我们会把它们放在广场上，我们会把它们放在咖啡馆和酒吧里。同样的东西，纳粹国家控制着无线电波，就像它控制着电影、报纸一样，媒体的所有方面都由戈培尔和宣传部控制。他们一遍又一遍地发出同样的信息。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It’s not all Hitler’s
ranting, it’s entertainment, light entertainment, some humorous shows.
It is also Wagner, of course, and Richard Strauss. It’s a mixture. But
the subliminal message is the same. “We’re the best. We’re the top dogs.
Jewish Bolshevik plot is awful. That’s the existential threat to us. We
have to overcome that. We’re the top dogs, militarily, we’re the best.
We should feel really good about ourselves. We’re going to absolutely
win and be the greatest nation in the world ever. And Hitler’s a
genius.” And that is just repeated over, and over, and over, and over
again. And for all the modernity of the world in which we live in today,
most people believe what they’re told repeatedly.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这不全是希特勒的咆哮，还有娱乐节目，轻松娱乐，一些幽默的节目。当然还有瓦格纳，理查德·施特劳斯。这是一个混合体。但潜意识里的信息是相同的。“我们是最好的。我们是老大。犹太布尔什维克阴谋是可怕的。那是对我们生存的威胁。我们必须战胜它。我们在军事上是老大，我们是最好的。我们应该为自己感到非常自豪。我们注定会赢，成为世界上最伟大的国家。希特勒是个天才。”这些话一遍又一遍地重复着。尽管我们今天生活在一个现代化的世界中，但大多数人仍然相信他们反复被告知的事情。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> They still do. If you just
repeat, repeat, repeat over and over again, people will believe it. If
you are a diehard Trump supporter, you want to believe that, you’ll
believe everything he says. If you are a diehard Bernie Sanders man,
you’re from the left. You’ll believe everything he says because it’s
reinforcing what you already want to believe.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他们现在仍然如此。如果你只是不停地重复，重复，重复，人们就会相信。如果你是一个死忠的特朗普支持者，你想相信那个，你就会相信他所说的一切。如果你是一个死忠的伯尼·桑德斯的支持者，你来自左翼。你就会相信他所说的一切，因为它正在强化你已经想相信的东西。*



<div id="chapter6_joseph_goebbels" class="content-section">

## Joseph Goebbels <span class="timestamp">[56:22](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter6_joseph_goebbels)</span>

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, that’s-

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的，那是——*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> … the biggest propaganda
machines? And when I say bot, I mean both automated AI bots and humans
operating large number of smartphones with SIM cards that are just able
to boost messages enough to where they become viral, and then real
humans with real opinions get excited also. It’s like this vicious
cycle. So if you support your nation, all you need is a little boost.
And then everybody gets real excited. And then now you’re chanting, and
now you’re in this mass hysteria.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
……最大的宣传机器？当我说“机器人”时，我指的是自动化的人工智能机器人和人类操作大量带有SIM卡的智能手机，它们能够足够地助推信息，使其病毒式传播，然后拥有真实看法的人类也会兴奋起来。这就像一个恶性循环。所以如果你支持你的国家，你只需要一点点助推。然后每个人都真正兴奋起来。然后现在你开始高呼，现在你陷入了这种群体性歇斯底里。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Right.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 对。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> And now it’s the 1984 Two
Minutes of Hate. And the message is clear. I mean, that’s what
propaganda does is it really-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
现在是《1984》中的“两分钟仇恨”。信息很明确。我的意思是，这就是宣传的作用，它确实——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well-

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 嗯——*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> … clarifies the mind.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> ……澄清思想。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And that is exactly what
Hitler, and the Nazis, and Goebbels, are doing in the 1930s. Well,
they’re doing it in the 1920s as well, but more effectively once they
come into power, of course. And Hitler is so fortunate that he comes, he
takes over the chancellorship in January, 1933, at a time where the
economy is just starting to turn. And he’s able to make the most of
that. And if you’re Germans, and you’ve been through hyperinflation in
the early 1920s, you’ve been through the humiliation of Versailles
Treaty, which was terrible error, in retrospect.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这正是希特勒、纳粹和戈培尔在1930年代所做的。当然，他们在1920年代也这样做，但一旦掌权就更有效了。希特勒非常幸运，他于1933年1月上任总理，当时经济刚开始好转。他能够充分利用这一点。如果你是德国人，你经历过20年代初的恶性通货膨胀，经历过凡尔赛条约的耻辱，回想起来，那是一个可怕的错误。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And you’ve been through,
then having got through that, you’ve emerged into a democratic Weimar
Republic, which is based on manufacturing. Germany’s traditional genius
engineering, and manufacturing, and production of high quality items.
They’re merging through that. Then you have the Wall Street crash. And
the loans that are coming in from America, which is propping up the
entire German economy, suddenly get cut off, and you’ve suddenly got
depression again, and massive unemployment.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
而你经历过这一切，然后度过了那段时期，你进入了一个以制造业为基础的民主魏玛共和国。德国传统的工程天才，制造业，以及高质量产品的生产。他们正在通过这些融合。然后发生了华尔街股灾。来自美国的贷款，这些贷款支撑着整个德国经济，突然被切断了，你突然又陷入了萧条，大规模失业。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And suddenly Hitler comes in
and everyone’s got jobs, and they’re rebuilding, and they’re growing
their military. And the message that’s coming out is, “We’re the
greatest. We’re the best. We’re fantastic.” I was telling you earlier on
about Hitler’s speeches, starting with the dark, starting dark and
ending in hope, and light, and the sunlit uplands, that’s what you’re
getting. You’re suddenly getting this vision of hope. This is sort of,
“My God. Actually, this is really working. Okay, so I’m not sure that I
particularly buy into the kind of anti-Semitic thing, but we’ll sweep
that under the carpet because overall, I’ve now got a job. I’ve got
money, I’ve got my new radio.” And then this is a genius about the
radios, for example. So they have the German receiver to start off with,
the \\German 00:50:38\\ and then they have the \\German 00:50:41\\,
which is the German little receiver, little radio. These are genius.
This is as outrageous as the arrival of the iPod. I mean, remember that?
Suddenly you don’t have to have a Sony Walkman anymore. You can have
something really, really small and miniature, and listen to thousands,
of thousands, of thousands of songs all at once. What an amazing thing.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
突然间希特勒上台了，每个人都有了工作，他们正在重建，他们正在发展他们的军队。而传播出来的讯息是：“我们是最棒的。我们是最好的。我们棒极了。”我刚才跟你讲过希特勒的演讲，总是从黑暗开始，以希望、光明和阳光明媚的土地结束，这就是你所得到的。你突然看到了这个希望的愿景。这有点像，“我的天。实际上，这真的有效。好吧，我不太确定我是否特别相信反犹太主义的事情，但我们会把这事儿藏起来，因为总的来说，我有了工作。我有钱了，我有了新收音机。”然后这就是收音机方面的天才，例如。所以他们最初有德国收音机，\[德语
00:50:38\]，然后他们有\[德语
00:50:41\]，那是德国的小型接收器，小型收音机。这些是天才。这就像iPod的到来一样令人震惊。我的意思是，还记得吗？突然间你不再需要索尼随身听了。你可以拥有一个非常非常小巧的迷你设备，一次性听数千首歌曲。多么令人惊叹的事情。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And the \\German 00:51:00\\
is nine inches by four inches by four inches. It’s made of Bakelite. And
everyone can have one because it’s super cheap. It’s just incredible.
And no one else has said that, because up until that point, radios,
generally speaking, are aspirational. They’ve got sort of a walnut
lacquer at the front, and you have them if you’re middle class, and you
show them off to your neighbors to show how affluent and well-to-do you
are, but suddenly everyone can have one. And if everyone can have one,
then everyone can receive the same message. And you can also.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 而那款\[德语
00:51:00\]收音机，尺寸是九英寸乘四英寸乘四英寸。它是用胶木制成的。每个人都能拥有一台，因为它超级便宜。这简直不可思议。而且之前没有人这么说过，因为在那之前，收音机普遍来说是奢侈品。它们前面通常有核桃木漆面，如果你是中产阶级，你会拥有它们，并向邻居炫耀你有多富裕、多殷实，但突然间，每个人都能拥有一台。如果每个人都能拥有一台，那么每个人都能接收到相同的信息。而且你也可以。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And this is the whole point
about the Hitler youth as well. The young guys, that’s where they’re
most impressionistic. They’re least risk averse. So they’re most gung
ho. They’re most full of excitement for the possibilities of life. And
they’re also, their minds are the most opened to suggestion. So you get
the youth, you hang on, you get them. And so a whole generation of young
men are brought up thinking about the genius of Hitler and how he’s
delivering this much better nation, and returning, overhauling the
humiliations of the first World War, were overcoming the stab in the
back that happened in 1918, et cetera, et cetera. And as a young 16,
17-year-old German, you’re thinking, “Yeah, I want a piece of that. And
hey, guess what? They’ve got really cool uniforms, and come and join the
SS, and get the throw line. What’s not to like?” You can see why it’s so
clever. And what’s so interesting is propaganda today is still using
those tenets that Goebbels was using back in the 1930s.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这也是希特勒青年团的全部意义所在。年轻人们，他们最容易受暗示。他们最不厌恶风险。所以他们最热血。他们对生活的一切可能性都充满兴奋。而且他们的大脑也最容易接受建议。所以你抓住了年轻人，你坚持住，你抓住了他们。因此，整整一代年轻人都在这样的思想中长大：希特勒的天才以及他如何建设这个更好的国家，如何扭转一战的屈辱，如何克服1918年发生的背叛，等等等等。作为一个16、17岁的年轻德国人，你会想：“是的，我也想加入其中。而且，你知道吗？他们有很酷的制服，快来加入党卫军，获得抛线。还有什么不喜欢的呢？”
你可以看到这有多么巧妙。有趣的是，今天的宣传仍然在使用戈培尔在1930年代使用的那些原则。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And this is why I say that
history doesn’t repeat itself. Of course it doesn’t. It can’t possibly
repeat itself because we’re always living in a constantly evolving time.
But patterns of human behaviour do. And what you always get after
economic crisis is political upheaval, always, always, always. Because
some people are in a worse off position than they were financially
before. They’re thinking, “Well, the current system doesn’t work. What’s
the alternative?” So in the case of now, we in the West, first of all,
we’ve faced the financial crisis of 2008. Then we’ve had the double
whammy of COVID. And that has been incredibly unsettling. And so we’re
now in a situation of political turmoil. And whether you are pro-Trump
or anti-Trump, what he’s offering is something completely different. And
he’s saying, “The old ways don’t work. I’m just going to say what I
think. I’m going to come out. I’m not going to bother with all the sheen
of diplomacy and mealy mouth words that politicians always use, where
you can’t trust anyone. I’m just going to tell you as it is.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这就是为什么我说历史不会重演。当然不会重演。它不可能重复自身，因为我们总是生活在一个不断演变的时间。但人类行为模式会重演。经济危机之后，总是、总是、总是会出现政治动荡。因为有些人比以前的财务状况更糟糕。他们在想：“嗯，目前的系统不工作。有什么替代方案？”所以就现在而言，我们西方，首先，我们面临了2008年的金融危机。然后我们又受到了COVID的双重打击。这令人非常不安。所以我们现在正处于政治动荡的局面。无论你是支持特朗普还是反对特朗普，他所提供的东西都是完全不同的。他说：“旧方法行不通。我只是说我所想的。我要站出来。我不会费心去搞那些外交辞令，以及政客们总是使用的含糊不清的言辞，那些让你无法相信任何人。我只是实话实说。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And obviously people respond
to that. You can understand why that has an appeal. And if the country
already feels broken, and here’s someone who is going to be a disruptor,
and going to change the way you go about things, you can see why a
reasonably large proportion of the population is going to go, “I’ll have
a piece of that. Thank you very much.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
显然人们会对此做出回应。你可以理解为什么它有吸引力。如果这个国家已经觉得支离破碎，而现在有一个人要成为颠覆者，要改变你的行事方式，你可以看到为什么相当大一部分人口会说：“我也要分一杯羹。谢谢你们。”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> And especially one of the
countries in the economic crisis like Germany was, I think you’ve
written that the Treaty of Versailles created Hitler and the Wall Street
crash and the Great Depression brought him to power.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
尤其是在德国这样处于经济危机的国家，我想你写过，凡尔赛条约制造了希特勒，而华尔街股灾和大萧条将他推上了权力宝座。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> And of course, the propaganda
machine that you describe is the thing that got everybody else in
Germany on board.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
当然，你所描述的宣传机器正是让德国其他人也加入其中的原因。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yep. It’s amazing, because
he comes in with 33% of the vote. He had 37% of the vote in July, 1932.
So again, this is another period of turmoil, just like it is in France,
where you’re having constant different kind of coalitions and different
chancellors, leaders of Germany.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的。这很惊人，因为他上任时只有33%的选票。1932年7月，他获得了37%的选票。所以，这又是一个动荡时期，就像法国一样，你经常有不同的联合政府和不同的总理，德国的领导人。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So it’s very possible he
wouldn’t have come to power.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
所以他很可能根本不会上台。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, he said, “We will only
take our seats if I can be chancellor, otherwise forget it. I’m not
coming into any coalition.” So then the government falls again in
January 1933. They have the election. The Nazi vote is down from where
it was the previous summer, but this time they go, “Okay, Hitler can be
chancellor, but we’ll manipulate him.” How wrong they were. He’s
manipulating everyone. And then Hindenburg, who is the president, dies
the following summer and he’s able to get rid of the presidency. There
is no more president of Germany. There is just the führer, him and he
gets rid of, he has, actually, Enabling act, which is where all other
political parties are disbanded, and suddenly you’ve got a totalitarian
state, just like that.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，他说：“只有我能做总理，我们才会入阁，否则免谈。我不会加入任何联合政府。”所以1933年1月政府再次垮台。他们举行了选举。纳粹的得票率比前年夏天有所下降，但这次他们说：“好吧，希特勒可以当总理，但我们会操纵他。”他们错了。他正在操纵所有人。然后，总统兴登堡在第二年夏天去世，他得以废除总统职位。德国不再有总统。只有元首，就是他，他废除了，他拥有《授权法》，所有其他政党都被解散了，突然间你就拥有了一个极权主义国家，就这么回事。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I think there’s a lesson
there. There’s many lessons there, but one of them is don’t let an
extremist into government and assume you can control them.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我觉得这其中有一个教训。有很多教训，但其中之一就是不要让极端分子进入政府，并以为你能控制他们。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes, the arrogance of the
existing politicians, you just completely screwed it up.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，现有政客的傲慢，你们简直搞砸了一切。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I mean, there is a real power
to an extremist. There’s a person who sees the world in black and white
can really gain the attention and the support of the populace.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我的意思是，极端分子确实有一种力量。一个黑白分明看待世界的人，真的能够获得民众的关注和支持。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Especially when there’s a
resentment about like Treaty of Versailles, when there’s economic
hardship, and if there’s effective, modern technology that allows you to
do propaganda and sell the message. There’s something really compelling
about the black and white message.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
尤其是在对凡尔赛条约有怨恨的时候，在经济困难的时候，如果存在有效的、现代的技术让你能够进行宣传并推销信息。这种黑白分明的信息真的很有说服力。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It is because it’s simple.
And what Hitler does throughout the 1920s, is he sticks to this. There
is actually, when he comes out of prison, so it is the Beer Hall Putsch
in November, 1923, he gets charged with treason, which he has been,
because he’s attempting a coup, and he gets sentenced to five years,
which is pretty lenient for what he’s done. And he then gets let out
after nine months. Nazi party is banned at that point, but then comes
back into being. And the year that follows there is then a substantial
debate about where the party should go. And there are actually a large
number of people who think that actually they should be looking at how
the Soviets are doing things and taking some of the things that they
consider to be positive out of the communist state, and applying those
to the Nazis.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，因为很简单。希特勒在整个1920年代，他都坚持这一点。实际上，当他出狱时，那是1923年11月的啤酒馆政变，他被控叛国罪，确实是叛国，因为他企图发动政变，他被判五年徒刑，考虑到他所做的事情，这相当宽大。他后来九个月就出狱了。纳粹党当时被禁止，但后来又重新成立了。接下来的那一年，就该党的前进方向展开了实质性辩论。实际上有很多人认为他们应该研究苏联的做法，并从中汲取他们认为积极的共产主义国家的一些东西，然后应用到纳粹身上。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And Hitler goes, “No, no,
no, no, no, no. We’ve just got to stick to this kind of Jewish Bolshevik
thing. This is how we’re going to do it. This is how we’re going to do
it.” Goebbels, for example, who is very open, Joseph Goebbels, he’s a
not very successful journalist, but he does have a PhD in German
literature. He’s very disaffected because he was born with talipes,
which is more commonly known as a club foot. He’s disabled. He can’t
fight in the first World War. He’s very frustrated by that. He’s in a
deep despair about the state of Germany in the first part of the early
1920s. He’s looking for a political messiah, a sort of quasi-religious
messiah, thinks it’s Hitler, then discovers that Hitler is not open to
any ideas at all about any deviation, but then sees the light. Hitler
recognizes that this guy is someone that he wants on his side, and so
then goes to him, makes a real special effort.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
然后希特勒说：“不，不，不，不，不，不。我们必须坚持这种犹太布尔什维克那一套。我们就要这么做。我们就要这么做。”举例来说，戈培尔，约瑟夫·戈培尔，他非常开放，他是一个不太成功的记者，但他拥有德国文学博士学位。他非常不满，因为他天生患有足畸形，也就是俗称的“内翻足”。他有残疾。他无法参加第一次世界大战。他为此非常沮丧。在20年代初期，他对德国的状况深感绝望。他正在寻找一位政治救世主，一种准宗教的救世主，他认为那是希特勒，然后发现希特勒对任何关于偏离的想法都完全不接受，但他后来恍然大悟。希特勒意识到这个人是他想拉拢的，于是就去找他，付出了特别的努力。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> “Come on, come to dinner. I
think you’re great,” All this kind of stuff. Wins it about over. And
Goebbels has this complete vault fast, discards his earlier kind of,
“Hitler’s right, I was wrong. Hitler is the kind of messiah figure that
I want to follow. I want to follow the hero leader.” And they come
aboard and they absolutely work. And Hitler completely wins out of all
dissenters within what had been the German Workers party, drop, becomes
the German National Socialist Party, becomes the Nazis. He comes out,
emerges as the absolute, undisputed führer of that, leader of that
party. And what he says goes, and everyone toes him behind it. And part
of the genius of that, Hitler does have some genius. I just don’t think
it’s military, but he does have some genius. And a question about is the
simplicity of message.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
“来吧，来吃晚饭。我觉得你很棒，”诸如此类。很快就赢得了他的支持。戈培尔彻底改变了立场，抛弃了他早期的那种想法，“希特勒是对的，我错了。希特勒就是我想要追随的弥赛亚式人物。我想要追随这位英雄领袖。”他们加入了，而且效果非常好。希特勒彻底击败了前身为德国工人党（德语为“Deutsche
Arbeiterpartei”）内部的所有异议者，该党后来成为德国国家社会主义党，也就是纳粹。他脱颖而出，成为该党绝对、无可争议的元首、领导人。他说了算，每个人都紧随其后。而这其中的一部分天才之处，希特勒确实有一些天才。我只是不认为那是军事上的，但他确实有一些天才。而问题在于信息传递的简洁性。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> What he’s doing, it’s that
us and them thing that we were talking about earlier on. It’s the kind
of either/or. It’s kind of, “It’s my way or the highway.” It’s kind of,
“This is the only way. This is how we get to the sunlit uplands. This is
how create this amazing master race of this unification of German
peoples, which dominates the world, which is the preeminent power in the
world for the next thousand years, or its decay, and despair and being
crushed by our enemies. And our enemies are the Jews and the Bolsheviks,
the communists.” And what he taps into as well is \\German 00:59:44\\
and \\German 00:59:48\\. There’s no direct English translation of
\\German 00:59:51\\ or indeed \\German 00:59:52\\, but in its most basic
form, it’s communities, it’s people, community or front veteran’s
community.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他在做的是我们之前谈到的“我们与他们”的事情。这是非此即彼的那种。有点像“我的方式，不然就滚蛋。”有点像，“这是唯一的出路。这就是我们如何到达阳光明媚的高地。这就是如何创造这个令人惊叹的德意志民族统一，将主宰世界的，未来千年世界上最卓越的力量，否则就是衰败，绝望，被我们的敌人碾碎。而我们的敌人就是犹太人和布尔什维克，共产主义者。”他所利用的还有\[德语
00:59:44\]和\[德语 00:59:48\]。\[德语 00:59:51\]或\[德语
00:59:52\]没有直接的英文翻译，但其最基本的含义是社区，是人民，社区或前线退伍军人的社区。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So the \\German 01:00:02\\
is, “We are the guys. We are bonded because we were in the trenches. We
were in the first World War. We were the people who bravely stuck it
out, saw our friends being slaughtered and blown to pieces. We did our
duty as proud Germans, but we were let down by the elites and we were
let down by this Jewish Bolshevik plot. We were stabbed in the back.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 所以\[德语
01:00:02\]是，“我们是那些人。我们团结一致，因为我们在战壕里。我们在第一次世界大战中。我们是那些勇敢地坚持下去，看着我们的朋友被屠杀、被炸成碎片的人。我们作为骄傲的德国人履行了我们的职责，但我们被精英们辜负了，我们被这个犹太布尔什维克阴谋辜负了。我们被背后捅刀了。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The myth of the stabbing in
the back is very, very strong. So, “We’re bound, we’re bonded by our
experiences of the first World War and the fact that we did what we
should and what we could. And we didn’t fail in what we were doing. We
were failed by our leaders, by the elites.” So that’s \\German
01:00:47\\. \\German 01:00:49\\ is this sense of national unity. It’s a
cultural, ethnic bonding of people who speak German, who have a similar
outlook on life. And again, that just reinforces the us and them.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
“背后捅刀”的神话非常非常强烈。所以，“我们被束缚，我们因第一次世界大战的经验以及我们做了我们应该做和力所能及的事情而团结。我们没有在我们的行动中失败。我们是被我们的领导人，被精英们所失败的。”所以那是\[德语
01:00:47\]。\[德语
01:00:49\]是这种民族团结感。这是一种会说德语、对生活有相似看法的文化、民族纽带。而这再次强化了“我们和他们”的区别。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Good and evil.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 善与恶。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It reinforces the black and
white worldview. And then you add that to this very simple message,
which Hitler is repeating over and over again, “Communists are a big
threat. Jews are a big threat. They’re the enemy.” You have to have an
opposition in the them and us kind of process. And that’s what he’s
doing. And people just buy into it. They go, “Yeah, we’re together.
We’re Germans. We’re a brotherhood. We’ve got our \\German 01:01:38\\.”
So he cleverly ties into that and taps into that. But they’re an
irrelevance by the late 1920s. By 1928, he’s not going to get a deal for
Mein Kampf Part II, he’s impoverished. The party’s impoverished. Their
numbers are down. They’re at best an irrelevance.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
它强化了非黑即白的世界观。然后你再把这加到希特勒反复重复的这个非常简单的信息中：“共产主义者是巨大的威胁。犹太人是巨大的威胁。他们是敌人。”在这种“他们和我们”的过程中，你必须有一个对立面。这就是他正在做的。人们就相信了。他们说：“是啊，我们在一起。我们是德国人。我们是兄弟情深。我们有我们的\[德语
01:01:38\]。”所以他巧妙地利用了这一点。但在1920年代后期，他们变得无关紧要了。到1928年，他无法为《我的奋斗》第二部达成交易，他变得赤贫。党派也变得贫困。他们的党员人数下降了。他们充其量就是无关紧要的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Which is say he wrote Mein
Kampf at this time, when he was in prison.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
也就是说他在这时候，在监狱里写了《我的奋斗》。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, he writes most of Mein
Kampf in Landsberg prison. And then he writes the rest of it in what
becomes known as the \\German 01:02:10\\, which is this little wooden
hut in the Obersalzberg. And you can still see the remnants of that. And
unfortunately, there’s still little candles there and stuff in the woods
by neo-Nazis and whatnot, what have you. But that’s where he wrote the
rest of it. I mean, it Jean-Jacques Rousseau who says, “Man has his
greatest thought when surrounded by nature.” That was something that
Hitler took very much to heart. There was a mentor of his called
Dietrich Eckart. Dietrich Eckart introduced him to the Obersalzberg and
the beauty of the southeast Bavarian Alps around Berchtesgaden. And that
was his favorite place on the planet, and that’s where he eventually
bought the Berghof with the royalties, it has to be said, from Mein
Kampf, which went from being almost pulp to suddenly being a runaway
bestseller, unfortunately.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，他大部分的《我的奋斗》是在兰茨贝格监狱写的。然后剩下的部分是在后来被称为\[德语
01:02:10\]的地方写的，那是奥伯萨尔茨堡高原上的一座小木屋。你仍然可以看到它的遗迹。不幸的是，新纳粹分子之类的还在那里的树林里点着小蜡烛什么的。但他就是在那里写了剩下的部分。我的意思是，是让-雅克·卢梭说的，“人与自然为伴时思想最为伟大。”希特勒对此深以为然。他有一位导师叫迪特里希·埃卡特。迪特里希·埃卡特把他介绍到奥伯萨尔茨堡高原以及贝希特斯加登周围巴伐利亚东南部阿尔卑斯山的美景。那是他最喜欢的地方，他最终用《我的奋斗》的版税买下了贝格霍夫山庄，不幸的是，这本书从几乎无人问津突然变成了畅销书。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Can you actually comment on
that? It’s a shitty manifesto as far as manifestos go. I think there’s a
lot of values to understand from a first person perspective, the words
of a dictator, of a person like Hitler. But it just feels like that’s
just such a shitty-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
你能对此发表评论吗？就宣言而言，它是一份糟糕的宣言。我认为从第一人称视角，从希特勒这样一位独裁者的话语中，有很多值得理解的价值。但它给人的感觉就是那太糟糕了——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, I mean it’s banned in
a number of countries. You don’t need to, because no one’s going to read
it, because it’s unreadable. I mean, it’s very untidy. It’s very
incoherent. There’s no narrative arc, to use a writer’s phrase. I mean,
but it does give you a very clear, the overall impression you get at the
end of it is the communists and the Jews are to blame for everything.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，我的意思是它在许多国家都被禁止。你不需要读它，因为没有人会读它，因为它读不下去。我的意思是，它非常杂乱。非常语无伦次。用作家的说法，它没有叙事弧线。我的意思是，但它确实给你一个非常清晰的印象，最终你得到的总体印象是共产主义者和犹太人要为一切负责。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah, but there’s also the
component of predicting basically World War II there. So it’s not just
they’re to blame for everything.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的，但其中也包含了基本预测第二次世界大战的成分。所以不仅仅是他们要为一切负责。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Oh, no. He’s hungry for war.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 哦，不。他渴望战争。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Right.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 对。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> It’s a pretty unique way of
speaking, allowing violence as a tool in this picture, that there’s a
hierarchy, that there is a superior race and inferior races, and it’s
okay to destroy the inferior ones.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
这是一种相当独特的说话方式，允许暴力作为这张图景中的工具，认为存在等级制度，存在优等民族和劣等民族，并且消灭劣等民族是可以的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Usually politicians don’t
speak that way. They just say, “Well, here’s good and evil. We’re the
good guys. And yeah, maybe we’ll destroy the evil a little bit.” Now
here is like there’s a complete certainty about a very large number of
people, “The Slavic people, they just need to be removed.”

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
通常政客们不会那样说话。他们只会说：“嗯，这是善与恶。我们是好人。是的，也许我们会稍微摧毁一下邪恶。”现在这里，就像对一大群人完全确定一样，“斯拉夫民族，他们只需要被清除。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> “Well, they need to be made
in irrelevance. We have to take it. We have to take it. And in fact, if
that kills millions of them, fine. Then they can sort of squish that way
over to Siberia or- “

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
“嗯，他们需要变得无关紧要。我们必须拿下它。我们必须拿下它。实际上，如果这导致他们数百万人死亡，那也无妨。然后他们就可以那样挤到西伯利亚或者——”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Right. It doesn’t matter where
they go.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
好吧。他们去哪儿都无所谓。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> ” … Kamchatka, wherever they
go. I don’t care. But they- “

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
……堪察加，他们去哪儿都行。我不在乎。但是他们——”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> “We just need to populate this
land that belongs to the German people.”

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
“我们只需要用德意志民族来填充这片属于德国人民的土地。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> “Because they’re the superior
people.”

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> “因为他们是优越的民族。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> There’s no question that he
glorified violence and war. He’s absolutely chomping at the bit. And in
a way, I think he’s a bit disappointed that in the 1930s, the conquests
that he does undertake are also peaceful. March 1938 goes straight into
Austria. There’s the Anschluss, not a shot is fired. 1936, goes into the
Rhineland, reconquers that, retakes that over from the occupying allies,
not a shot is fired. He takes the Sudetenland, barely a shot is fired,
and then goes into the rest of Czechoslovakia in March, 1939. And again,
barely a shot is fired. And it’s a bit disappointing. He wants to be
tested. He wants to have the wartime triumph. You can see him being
frustrated about this in the Munich crisis in 1938. He wants to fight.
He’s absolutely spoiling for it. He’s desperate to go in. He’s all ready
and gung ho. He’s built his Luftwaffe. He is got his Panzers now. He’s
got his massive armed forces. He wants to test them. He wants to get the
show on the road and prove it. He is an arch gambler, Hitler.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
毫无疑问，他美化了暴力和战争。他完全跃跃欲试。某种程度上，我觉得他有点失望的是，在1930年代，他所进行的征服行动也都是和平的。1938年3月，他直接进入奥地利。奥地利并入德国，没有开一枪。1936年，他进入莱茵兰，重新占领了那片地区，从占领盟国手中夺回，也没有开一枪。他占领了苏台德区，几乎没有开一枪，然后又在1939年3月进入捷克斯洛伐克其余部分。同样，几乎没有开一枪。这有点令人失望。他想被检验。他想体验战争的胜利。你可以看到他在1938年慕尼黑危机中对此感到沮丧。他想打仗。他完全是剑拔弩张。他迫不及待地想行动。他已经整装待发，充满干劲。他已经组建了德国空军。他现在有了装甲部队。他拥有庞大的武装力量。他想检验它们。他想把这场戏搬上舞台并证明自己。希特勒是个老赌徒。*



<div id="chapter7_hitler_before_ww2" class="content-section">

## Hitler before WW2 <span class="timestamp">[1:06:17](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter7_hitler_before_ww2)</span>

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> You make it seem so clear, but
all the while to the rest of the world, to Chamberlain, to France, to
Britain, to the rest of the world, he’s saying he doesn’t want that.
He’s making agreements. Everything you just mentioned, you just went
through it so quickly. But those are agreements that were made that he’s
not going to do that. And he does it over and over. He violates the
Treaty of Versailles. He violates every single treaty. But he still is
doing the meetings. So maybe can you go through it, the lead up to the
war, 1939, September 1st, what are the different agreements? What is the
signaling he’s doing? And what is he doing secretly in terms of building
up the military force?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
你说得这么清楚，但与此同时，对世界其他地方，对张伯伦，对法国，对英国，对世界其他地方，他都说他不要那样。他正在达成各种协议。你刚才提到的所有事情，你都说得太快了。但那些都是他承诺不会做的协议。但他却一次又一次地做。他违反了凡尔赛条约。他违反了每一项条约。但他仍然在进行会谈。所以也许你能详细说说，战争爆发前，1939年9月1日，都有哪些不同的协议？他在发出什么样的信号？他又在秘密地做些什么来增强军事力量？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes. So part of the Treaty
of Versailles, is you’re allowed very, very limited armed forces.
There’s restrictions on naval expansion. There’s restrictions on the
size of the army. There’s restrictions on the weapons you can use.
You’re not allowed an air force. But he starts doing this all
clandestinely. There are people in, Krupp has got, for example, which is
in the Ruhr, a big armaments manufacturer. They are producing tanks
elsewhere, and parts elsewhere in, say the Netherlands, for example, and
then shipping them back into Germany. They’re doing Panzer training
exercises actually in the Soviet Union at this time. There’s all sorts
of things going on. The Luftwaffe has been announced to the world in
1935, but it’s obviously been in the process of developing long before
that. The Messerschmitt 109, a single engine fighter plane, for example,
is created in 1934. So they’re doing all these things against it.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的。凡尔赛条约的一部分规定，你们只被允许拥有非常非常有限的武装力量。海军扩张受到限制。军队规模受到限制。可使用的武器种类也受到限制。你们不允许拥有空军。但他开始秘密地做这一切。例如，克虏伯公司，在鲁尔区，它是一个大型军火制造商。他们正在其他地方生产坦克，例如荷兰，然后将其运回德国。他们当时还在苏联进行装甲兵训练演习。各种各样的事情都在发生。德国空军在1935年才向世界宣布成立，但显然在之前很长时间就已经在发展中。例如，梅塞施密特109型单引擎战斗机是在1934年研制的。所以他们正在做所有这些违背条约的事情。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And the truth is, he’s just
constantly pushing, “What can I get away with, here?” And of course,
Britain, France, the rest of the world, the rest of the allies, they’re
all reeling from the Wall Street crash and the depression as well. So
have they got the stomach for this? Not really. And, “Perhaps actually
on reflection, the terms of Versailles Treaty are bit harsh anyway, so
maybe we don’t need to worry about it.” There’s just no political will.
There’s no political will to fight against what Germany’s doing. Then he
gets away of it. So he suddenly starts realizing that actually he can
push this quite a long way, because no one’s going to stand up to him,
which is why he makes a decision in 1936 to go back into the Rhineland,
which has been occupied by French allied troops at that point. He just
walks in, just goes, “Do your worst.” And no one’s going to do anything
because there isn’t a stomach to do anything.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
事实是，他只是不断地推敲：“我在这里能侥幸逃脱什么？”当然，英国、法国以及世界其他地方，以及其他盟友，他们也都受到华尔街股市崩盘和大萧条的冲击。所以他们有勇气做这件事吗？不完全是。而且，“也许实际上回想起来，凡尔赛条约的条款还是有点苛刻，所以我们也许不需要担心它。”根本没有政治意愿。没有政治意愿去对抗德国正在做的事情。然后他就侥幸逃脱了。所以他突然间意识到，实际上他可以把事情推得很远，因为没有人会站出来反对他，这就是为什么他在1936年决定重新进入莱茵兰，当时那里已被法国盟军占领。他就这么走了进去，只是说，“随你们怎么干。”而没有人会做任何事情，因为没有人有勇气做任何事情。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> That was a big step in 1936,
remilitarizing the Rhineland. I mean, that That’s a huge, huge step of
like, “Oh, I don’t have to follow anybody’s rules and they’re going to
do nothing.”

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那是1936年迈出的一大步，莱茵兰复兴。我的意思是，那是一大步，就像，“哦，我不需要遵守任何人的规则，他们什么都不会做。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And he’s looking at his
military and he’s also looking at response. So one of the things they do
is really, it’s very clever. So they go over the head of the army of the
air, Armee de L’Air, which is the French air force, and they invite him
over. And Erhard Milch, who is the second command of the Luftwaffe
invites him over. “So, come and see what we’re up to. You are our
European neighbors, we’re all friends together,” this kind of stuff.
“Come and see what we’ve got.” And he takes him to this airfield.
There’s a row of Messerschmitt 109s all lined up, sort of 50 of them.
And the head of the Armee of the Air looks at it and goes, “Krikey,
that’s impressive.” And Milch goes, “Well, let me go and take you to
another airfield.” And they go out of the back route out of the
airfield, and that’s long, circuitous test route in the Mercedes.
Meanwhile, all of-

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他在审视自己的军队，也在观察对手的反应。他们做的一件事，真的很聪明。他们绕过法国空军司令部，即法国空军最高指挥官，邀请他过来。然后德国空军二号人物埃尔哈德·米尔希邀请他过来。“来，看看我们正在忙什么。你们是我们的欧洲邻居，我们都是朋友，”诸如此类的话。“来看看我们有什么。”然后他带他去了这个机场。那里停着一排梅塞施密特109，大约50架。法国空军司令看了看，说：“天哪，真了不起。”然后米尔希说：“嗯，我带你去另一个机场看看。”他们从机场的后方绕了一大圈，沿着一条漫长蜿蜒的奔驰测试路线。与此同时，所有——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> … the airfield and is a long
circuitous route in the Mercedes. Meanwhile, all the Messerschmitts take
off from that airfield, going to land on the next airfield. Here’s
another one, and they’re all the same aircraft. And the
commander-in-chief of the army of Vienna goes back to France and goes,
“We’re never going to be able to beat Germany.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
……机场，这是一条漫长蜿蜒的奔驰路程。与此同时，所有的梅塞施密特都从那个机场起飞，准备在下一个机场降落。这里又有一个，它们都是同一架飞机。然后维也纳陆军总司令回到法国，说：“我们永远也打不过德国。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Earlier, you were alluding
to this earlier on, how much is this, just this chutzpah of this ability
to kind of portray the mechanized Moloch? Yeah, it absolutely cowls the
enemy, so the increasing the effectiveness of their armed forces purely
by propaganda and by mind games and by talking the talk.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
之前，你早些时候也提到过这个，这到底有多少是仅仅凭借这种厚颜无耻的勇气来描绘机械化的摩洛克？是的，它绝对威慑住了敌人，所以他们的武装力量的效能纯粹通过宣传和心理战以及口头承诺来提高。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> We might all think these
military parades that the Nazis have looked rather silly by today’s
standards, but you look what that looks like if you are the rest of the
world. You’re in Britain, and you’re still reeling from the Depression,
and you see the triumph of the will. You see some of that footage, and
you see these automatons in their steel helmets, and you see the
swastikas, and you see hundreds of thousands of people all lined up and
seig heiling and all the rest of it, you are going to think again before
you go into war with people like that.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我们可能都觉得纳粹的那些阅兵式以今天的标准来看相当愚蠢，但如果你站在世界其他国家的角度看，那又会是怎样一番景象呢？你身在英国，仍在大萧条中挣扎，你看到了《意志的胜利》。你看到那些片段，看到那些戴着钢盔的机器人，看到那些万字旗，看到成千上万的人排成一列，行纳粹礼等等，你就要和那样的人开战，你肯定会三思。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But at that time, that’s the
real possibility. You remember World War I, you remember all of that. So
okay, there’s a mad guy with a mustache. He’s making statements that
this land belongs to Germany anyway, because it’s mostly
German-populated, and like you said, Treaty of Versailles wasn’t really
fair, and you can start justifying all kinds of things for yourself.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但在那个时候，这是真实的可能性。你记得第一次世界大战，你记得所有那些。所以，好吧，有一个留着胡子的疯子。他发表声明说这片土地本来就属于德国，因为它主要是德国人居住的，而且正如你所说，凡尔赛条约确实不公平，你就可以开始为自己找各种理由了。*



<div id="chapter8_hitler_vs_chamberlain" class="content-section">

## Hitler vs Chamberlain <span class="timestamp">[1:11:12](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter8_hitler_vs_chamberlain)</span>

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, yeah, yeah. And maybe
they got a point about the Danzig Corridor. They are mainly Germans,
German-speaking people there, and it’s disconnected from East Prussia,
they’re saying, I sort of get it. Maybe they’ve got a point. And is
Poland really a kind of thriving democracy, anyway? Not really. By 1930,
late 1930s, it’s not. It’s, to all intents and purposes, a dictatorship
in Poland at that time.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，是的，是的。也许他们关于但泽走廊的说法有道理。那里主要是德国人，说德语的人，而且它与东普鲁士不相连，他们说，我有点明白。也许他们有道理。那么波兰真的是一个繁荣的民主国家吗？不尽然。到1930年代末，它不是。在那个时候，波兰在各种意义上，都是一个独裁国家。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I mean, it’s not right that
you just go and take someone else’s country. Of course, you can’t do
that. But you can see why in Germany people are thinking they’ve got a
point. You can also see why in France and Britain, they’re thinking, “Do
we really care about the Poles? I mean, is it worth going war over?” But
there’s bigger things at play by this point. That’s the point.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我的意思是，你直接去占领别人的国家是不对的。当然，你不能那样做。但你可以理解为什么在德国，人们认为他们有道理。你也可以理解为什么在法国和英国，他们会想：“我们真的在乎波兰人吗？我的意思是，这值得为此开战吗？”但在这一点上，有更大的事情在发挥作用。这就是重点。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah, but before we get to
Poland, there is this meeting, September 1938. So Chamberlain made three
trips to meet with Hitler, which culminated in the Munich Conference.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的，但在我们谈到波兰之前，有一个会议，1938年9月。张伯伦三次会见希特勒，最终促成了慕尼黑会议。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, on the 30th of
September. Yeah.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的，9月30日。是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Where was Chamberlain, Hitler,
Mussolini and Daladier, prime minister of France. They met to discuss
essentially Czechoslovakia without any of the government officials of
Czechoslovakia participating. And Hitler promised to make no more
territorial conquests, and Chamberlain believed him.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那里有张伯伦、希特勒、墨索里尼和法国总理达拉第。他们会晤的目的是讨论捷克斯洛伐克问题，但捷克斯洛伐克政府官员并未参与。希特勒承诺不再进行领土扩张，而张伯伦相信了他。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> He chose to believe him, I
think, is the thing, is the point. It’s very interesting. So Chamberlain
gets a very bad press.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我想，他的选择是相信他，这就是重点。这很有趣。所以张伯伦得到了非常糟糕的评价。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Uh-oh.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 哦哦。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, no. No, it’s not
really uh-oh. I just think there’s too much retrospective view on this.
And that’s fine because the whole point of history is you can look back
and you can judge decisions that were made at a certain point through
the prism of what subsequently happened, which, of course, the people
that are making the decisions at the time can’t because they’re in that
particular moment.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，不。不，这并不是“哦哦”那么简单。我只是觉得，对此有太多的回顾性观点。这没关系，因为历史的全部意义在于你可以回溯过去，通过后续发生的事情的视角来判断某个特定时刻所做的决定，而当时做出决定的人当然不能这样做，因为他们身处那个特定的时刻。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So I don’t think Chamberlain
did trust Hitler, but he wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt.
Britain was not obliged to Czechoslovakia at all. France was. France had
signed a treaty with Czechoslovakia in 1924, but Britain had not. So
there was no obligation at all for Britain to do this. The only reason
why Britain would go to war over Czechoslovakia is because of the threat
of Nazism and what the ramifications of not going to war with him.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以我并不认为张伯伦信任希特勒，但他想给他一个怀疑的好处。英国对捷克斯洛伐克没有任何义务。法国有。法国在1924年与捷克斯洛伐克签署了一项条约，但英国没有。所以英国完全没有义务这样做。英国会为了捷克斯洛伐克而开战的唯一原因是纳粹主义的威胁以及不与他交战的后果。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> There’s not really much
argument for having a large army because if you have a large army,
you’ve got to maintain it. Britain is a small place. Where do you put
them? You’ve also got to transport them. That’s complicated. You’ve got
to train them, you’ve got to put them in barracks, you’ve got to feed
them, all this kind of stuff. There’s a kind of impracticality about
having a large army.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
拥有庞大军队并没有太多理由，因为如果你有一支庞大军队，你就必须维持它。英国是一个小地方。你把他们放在哪里？你还必须运送他们。这很复杂。你必须训练他们，你必须让他们住在营房里，你必须喂养他们，所有这些。拥有庞大军队有点不切实际。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It is he that enables the
air force and the air ministry to develop the first fully-coordinated
air defense system anywhere in the world. There is not an air defense
system in Poland, nor Norway, nor Denmark, nor the Netherlands, nor
Belgium, nor France. There is in Britain, Britain is the only one, and
frankly, it pays off big time in the summer of 1940. So you have to give
him credit for that.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
正是他使空军和航空部得以开发出世界上第一个完全协调的防空系统。波兰没有防空系统，挪威没有，丹麦没有，荷兰没有，比利时没有，法国也没有。英国有，英国是唯一的，坦率地说，这在1940年夏天获得了巨大的回报。所以你必须为此给他赞扬。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Britain interestingly is
also the world’s leading armaments exporter in the 1930s, which is
amazing really when you think everyone complains about the fact that we
weren’t rearming enough. Actually, we were when we had all the
infrastructure there and we were expanding that infrastructure
dramatically. I say we. I’m only saying that because I’m British. So
they were doing that.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
有趣的是，英国在20世纪30年代也是世界领先的军火出口国，这真的令人惊讶，当你想到每个人都在抱怨我们没有足够地重新武装时。实际上，当时我们有所有基础设施，并且正在大幅度扩张该基础设施。我说“我们”。我只是因为我是英国人所以这样说。所以他们当时正在这样做。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> In 1938, Britain wasn’t
ready for war. Now you can argue that Germany wasn’t ready for war,
either. But Chamberlain was prime minister in a democracy, a
parliamentary democracy, where 92% of the population were against going
to war in 1938. There was not a single democratic leader in the world
that would go against the wishes of 92% of the population.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
1938年，英国还没有准备好战争。现在你可以争辩说，德国也没有准备好战争。但张伯伦在一个民主国家，一个议会民主制下担任首相，1938年有92%的人口反对参战。世界上没有任何一个民主领袖会违背92%民众的意愿。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Now you could say, ” Well,
he should have just argued it better and presented his case better and
all the rest of it.” But at that point, there was no legal obligation to
go to the defense of Czechoslovakia. Czechoslovakia was another of these
new nations that been created out of 1919 and the Versailles Treaty. Who
was to say we, in Britain, are able to judge the rights and wrongs of
that? How fantastic it would be to go to war with a nation a long way
away for people whom we know very little, et cetera, et cetera? I’m
paraphrasing his quote.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
现在你可能会说：“嗯，他本该更好地辩论，更好地阐述他的观点，等等。”但那时，英国没有法律义务去保卫捷克斯洛伐克。捷克斯洛伐克是1919年凡尔赛条约后创建的这些新国家之一。谁能说我们在英国，能够判断它的对错呢？为了一个遥远而我们知之甚少的国家的人民而开战，那将是多么棒的事情，等等等等？我正在转述他的话。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But I’m not saying it was
the right decision. I’m just saying I can see why, in September 1938, he
is prepared to give him a chance.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但我并不是说这是正确的决定。我只是说，我能理解为什么在1938年9月，他愿意给他一个机会。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Chamberlain comes back,
\\inaudible 01:18:13\\ and waves this little piece of paper, peace in
our time and all the rest of it, which obviously comes back to bite him
in a very big way.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 张伯伦回来了，\[听不清
01:18:13\]挥舞着这张小纸片，宣称我们时代的和平，等等。这显然在很大程度上反噬了他。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But it’s interesting that
when Hitler then subsequently goes and moves and that they, France and
Britain decide in rather the same way that there’s been discussion about
deciding that large portions of Ukraine should just be handed back,
handed over to Russia without consulting Ukraine a few weeks ago, it is
incredible, I think, that France and Britain and Italy with Germany are
deciding that, yes, it’s fine for Germany to go in and take Sudetenland
without really consulting the Czechs. It’s a sort of similar kind of
scenario really, and it’s equally wrong. But when Germany does then go
and take over the whole of Czechoslovakia in March 1939, that’s the
bottom line. That’s the point where Chamberlain goes, “Okay, I’ve given
him the benefit of the doubt. No more benefits than doubt. That’s it.
This is he’s crossed the line.” And so you reinforce your agreement with
Poland, you do a formal agreement, you go, “Okay, we will uphold your
sovereignty. If you are invaded, we will go to war with you.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
有趣的是，当希特勒随后行动，法国和英国决定，就像几周前讨论决定将乌克兰大部分地区直接交还给俄罗斯而没有咨询乌克兰一样，我认为，法国、英国和意大利与德国一起决定，是的，德国可以进入并占领苏台德区，而无需真正咨询捷克人，这简直不可思议。这确实是一种类似的场景，同样是错误的。但是当德国在1939年3月确实占领了整个捷克斯洛伐克时，那就是底线了。那就是张伯伦说：“好吧，我已经给了他怀疑的好处。不再有好处，只有怀疑。就这样。他越界了。”于是你加强了与波兰的协议，签订了正式协议，你说：“好吧，我们将维护你的主权。如果你被入侵，我们将与你开战。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And that is a ratcheting up
of diplomacy in politics in a very, very big way. And it is that
decision to make a treaty with the Poles is not heeded by Hitler, but
it’s heeded by, literally, every one of his commanders.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这在政治外交上是一个非常非常大的升级。而与波兰签订条约的这个决定，希特勒没有听从，但他的所有指挥官，字面意义上的，都听从了。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And it’s also heeded by
Goring who is his number two, and who is obviously a commander-in-chief
of the Luftwaffe and is president of Prussia and all the rest of it and
is the second-most senior Nazi. And he’s going, “This is a catastrophe.
This is the last thing we want to be doing is going to war against
Britain and, indeed, France.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这也被戈林所听从，他是他的二把手，显然是德国空军总司令，也是普鲁士总统等等，是纳粹党内第二高级别的官员。他当时说：“这是一场灾难。我们最不想做的事情就是与英国，以及法国开战。”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> The Munich Conference is a
pretty interesting moment, I would say in all of human history, because
you got the leaders of these bigger-than-life nations and the most
dramatic brewing conflict in human history, Chamberlain, Hitler,
Mussolini, Daladier. It’s interesting when these bigger-than-life
leaders are in a room together. Is there something that you know about
their interactions?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
慕尼黑会议是一个非常有趣的时刻，我认为在人类历史上是如此，因为你看到了这些超越常人的国家领导人，以及人类历史上最戏剧性的酝酿中的冲突：张伯伦、希特勒、墨索里尼、达拉第。当这些超越常人的领导人齐聚一堂时，这很有趣。您对他们的互动有什么了解吗？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, I think one of the
things that’s interesting is that Hitler’s got home advantage because
it’s on his turf and the start off at the first meeting is at the
Berghof, his beloved place in the Obersalzburg overlooking Berchtesgaden
in the Alps. So he’s pretty confident because, “This is my manor, this
is my turf. I’m not going to be bossed around by these guys.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，我认为有趣的一点是，希特勒有主场优势，因为那是在他的地盘上，第一次会议是在贝希特斯加登的贝格霍夫，他在上萨尔茨堡的心爱之地，俯瞰着阿尔卑斯山的贝希特斯加登。所以他相当自信，因为，“这是我的庄园，这是我的地盘。我不会被这些人指手画脚。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But Chamberlain, for
example, he’s going there thinking, “I’ve been around the blocks. No one
can teach me anything. I’ve been a politician for ages. I’m not going to
be kind of capped out by this sort of Austrian upstart.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但张伯伦，例如，他去那里时心里想着：“我久经沙场了。没人能教我什么。我当政治家很久了。我不会被这种奥地利暴发户给压制住。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Interestingly, when you get
to the actual meetings at the \\inaudible 01:21:27\\ in Munich a couple
of weeks later, Chamberlain is cheered by the crowds when his car comes
in, when he goes to his hotel, when he’s moving from his hotel to the
\\inaudible 01:21:40\\. There are cars cheering him, waving Union Jacks,
all this kind of stuff.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
有趣的是，当几周后在慕尼黑举行的实际会议上，张伯伦的车开进来时，他前往酒店时，从酒店前往\[听不清
01:21:40\]时，都受到人群的欢呼。有汽车为他欢呼，挥舞着米字旗，所有这些。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Hitler does not like that at
all, not at all, puts him on the back foot. And that’s because the
German people don’t want war, in the same way that the British people
don’t want war, nor do the German people.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
希特勒对此一点也不喜欢，一点也不喜欢，这让他处于劣势。这是因为德国人民不希望战争，就像英国人民不希望战争一样，德国人民也不希望战争。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The difference is that
Hitler is a dictator and an autocrat and has the devotion of the people
so he can do what he wants in a way that Chamberlain can’t.
Chamberlain’s hands are tied because he is an elected prime minister, an
elected leader, political leader, and he’s not head of state. So there
is no question that it is Hitler and Chamberlain that are the top dogs
in this particular discussion.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
不同之处在于，希特勒是一个独裁者和专制君主，并拥有人民的忠诚，因此他可以随心所欲，而张伯伦则不能。张伯伦受制于人，因为他是一个民选首相，一个民选领导人，政治领导人，他不是国家元首。所以毫无疑问，这次讨论中是希特勒和张伯伦这两个主要人物。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Daladier takes the back
seat. Even Mussolini, although he’s there, he doesn’t want war, either.
He wants to be left alone to do his own thing without anyone getting in
the way. But he doesn’t want, it’s not in his interest to have a
European war so he’s trying to avoid it.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
达拉第靠边站了。就连墨索里尼，虽然他在场，他也不想打仗。他想独自做自己的事情，不让任何人干涉。但他不希望，欧洲战争不符合他的利益，所以他正努力避免战争。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So it is really, you see
that the kind of alpha males in the room are Chamberlain and Hitler, and
it’s really interesting because Hitler’s got this sort of slightly
garrulous voice and very kind of pale blue eyes and such distinct
features, quite a long nose. And he always says this is why he has the
mustache is to kind of disguise the big nose. As I was saying to you
earlier on before we started recording, he does have a sense of humor.
It’s not one that you and I would kind of tap into, but he does have
one.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以你看，房间里真正的强者是张伯伦和希特勒，这真的很有趣，因为希特勒的声音有点滔滔不绝，眼睛是那种很浅的蓝色，特征非常鲜明，鼻子还挺长。他总是说这正是他留小胡子的原因，是为了遮掩大鼻子。就像我之前在录音前跟你说的，他确实有幽默感。那不是你我能领会的幽默感，但他确实有。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Whereas Chamberlain, he
sounds like bit like an old man. He’s sort of silver-haired, and he
looks like your sort archetypal kind of British gentleman with rolled-up
umbrella and his Homburg hat and all the rest of it. So they’re both
sort of caricatures in a funny sort of way.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
而张伯伦，他听起来有点像个老头子。他一头银发，看起来就像你典型的那种英国绅士，卷着雨伞，戴着霍姆堡帽，等等。所以他们俩都以一种有趣的方式成了漫画人物。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And yet, the consequence of
these discussions, these great events happening, you are absolutely
going, even which way the Munich crisis comes out, you’re taking a step
closer to war. It’s just whether the war is going to happen next week or
whether it’s going to happen a year, hence. But the Munich crisis
obviously doesn’t stem the inevitability of war at all. It just
heightens it.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
然而，这些讨论，这些重大事件的发生，其结果是，无论慕尼黑危机如何收场，你都绝对会离战争更近一步。无非是战争是下周发生，还是明年发生。但慕尼黑危机显然根本没有阻止战争的必然性。它只是加剧了战争。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Do you think there are words
that Chamberlain should have said, could have said that put more
pressure on Hitler, intimidate Hitler more?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
你觉得张伯伦有什么话是应该说的，或者本可以说出来，能对希特勒施加更大压力，更有效地恐吓希特勒的吗？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, it’s a really tricky
one. It’s such a difficult one because you’re always looking at it
through… The enemy has a vote, and you don’t know what that vote is
going to be, and you don’t know what it’s going to look like. There’s no
question that the rest of Europe is cowled by the kind of impression of
military might that the Germans have put out. They certainly fear they
are stronger than they actually are.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，这真的很难。这太困难了，因为你总是透过……敌人是会投票的，你不知道那个投票结果会是什么，你也不知道它会是什么样子。毫无疑问，欧洲其他国家都被德国展示出的那种军事实力印象所唬住。他们当然害怕德国比他们实际更强大。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And then on the other hand,
they’re also going, “Yeah, but Germany doesn’t have natural resources,
doesn’t have access to the world’s oceans. It shouldn’t be able to win a
war.” So they’re kind of contradicting themselves at the same time. So
one minute they’re sort going, “Oh God, you don’t want to take on all
those Nazis and all those swastikas and those automaton stormtroopers.”
But on the other hand, they’re then saying, “But actually Germany
doesn’t have much in its basket. It’s got actually quite a lot of
weaknesses, and we should be to kind of able to prevail, blah, blah,
blah. We’ll just impose an economic blockade, and then it’ll be
stuffed.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
而另一方面，他们也在想：“是的，但德国没有自然资源，也无法进入世界的海洋。它不应该能打赢一场战争。”所以他们有点自相矛盾。所以他们一会儿说：“哦天哪，你不想招惹那些纳粹和那些纳粹党徽，以及那些自动化冲锋队。”但另一方面，他们又说：“但实际上德国没什么好东西。它实际上有很多弱点，我们应该能够取胜，等等等等。我们只要实施经济封锁，然后它就会完蛋。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And Britain is not ready to
fight a war in 1948, but nor is Hitler, nor is Germany, so one is sort
of striking out the other. But it’s very easy to say that in hindsight,
but at the time, where people kind of digging trenches in Hyde Park in
Central London and barrage balloons going up over London and children
being evacuated from the cities and 92% of the population not wanting to
go to war, you could see why he takes the course he does.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
而英国在1948年还没有准备好开战，但希特勒和德国也没有，所以某种程度上是相互制衡。但在事后看来这样说很容易，但在当时，伦敦市中心海德公园里人们正在挖战壕，防空气球在伦敦上空升起，孩子们被从城市疏散，92%的人口不想参战，你就能理解他为什么采取那样的方针。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I suppose that’s what I’m
saying. I’m not saying it’s necessarily the right decision, but I think
it’s an understandable decision.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我想这就是我的意思。我不是说这一定是正确的决定，但我认为这是一个可以理解的决定。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Oh, but what about even just
on the human level? If I go into a room with a British gentleman versus
going to a room with Trump, it feels like it’s so much easier to read
and manipulate the British gentleman.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
哦，但即使在人际层面呢？如果我进入一个房间，遇到一位英国绅士，而不是进入一个房间，遇到特朗普，感觉英国绅士更容易被看透和操纵。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Because Trump is like
Trump-like characters. It seems like Hitler is similar, Churchill is
similar. It’s like this guy can do anything. There’s something
terrifying about-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
因为特朗普就像特朗普那类人物。希特勒似乎也很像，丘吉尔也很像。就像这个人可以做任何事情。这有点令人恐惧——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Unpredictability, yeah.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 不可预测性，是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah, it feels like there’s
something very predictable about Chamberlain.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的，感觉张伯伦身上有一种非常可预测的东西。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes, I think that’s true.
But also one has to take a step back and think about what Britain
represents so, therefore, what Chamberlain represents in 1938. Britain
has the largest empire the world has ever known in 1938.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，我认为这是真的。但我们也必须退一步思考一下1938年英国代表着什么，因此张伯伦代表着什么。1938年，英国拥有世界上有史以来最大的帝国。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah, yeah. We shouldn’t
forget that, right?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
是的，是的。我们不应该忘记这一点，对吧？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Third of the world is pink,
as the saying goes. And that saying comes from the kind of atlas of the
world where all British territories are kind of colored pink.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
俗话说，世界三分之一是粉红色的。这句话是用来形容世界地图的，上面所有英国的领土都涂成了粉红色。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And on top of that it has
lots of extra imperial territories as well. So if you look at, there’s
this incredible map of global shipping in 1937, and there’s these little
landlines of ships going out, and one of the strongest landlines is
going down to Argentina and South America from Britain. So down past
West Africa and down in Southern Atlantic, and there it is.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
除此之外，它还有许多额外的帝国领土。所以如果你看，有一幅1937年全球航运的令人难以置信的地图，有这些连接船舶的小陆路，其中一条最强的陆路是从英国通往阿根廷和南美洲的。所以经过西非，进入南大西洋，就在那里。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And that’s because Britain
owns most of Argentina. It owns huge great farming estates and ranches.
It owns the railway system. It owns many of the port facilities. So you
didn’t even need an empire. You need the facilities that overseas trade
and possessions can give you.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
这是因为英国拥有阿根廷大部分地区。它拥有巨大的农场和牧场。它拥有铁路系统。它拥有许多港口设施。所以你甚至不需要一个帝国。你需要海外贸易和属地能为你提供的设施。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And actually all sorts of
other things have been going on. While they might not have been creating
a huge army or producing enough Spitfires that they might want to, up
until this point, what they have also been doing is stockpiling bauxite
and copper and tungsten and huge reserves. And because Britain has this
huge global reach and because it has its empire and its extra-imperial
assets, it can strike bargains that no one else can strike.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
实际上，各种各样的事情都在发生。虽然他们可能没有建立一支庞大的军队，或者没有生产足够多的喷火战斗机（如果他们愿意的话），但直到那时，他们也一直在囤积铝土矿、铜和钨以及巨额储备。而且，因为英国拥有巨大的全球影响力，并且拥有其帝国和超帝国资产，它能够达成其他任何国家都无法达成的交易。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So it can go into various
countries around the world and can go, “Okay, I want you to guarantee me
for the next five years every bit of your rubber supply. I will pay over
the asking price to secure that.” And it’s doing that in the 1930s. So
when war comes, it’s got everything it possibly needs.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以它可以到世界各地的各个国家，说：“好吧，我希望你向我保证未来五年的所有橡胶供应。我将支付高于要价的费用来确保这一点。”它在1930年代就这样做了。所以当战争来临时，它拥有了所需的一切。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Now it always need more
because it’s suddenly turning into a kind of proper global long
drawn-out war. But that is a huge advantage.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
现在它总是需要更多，因为它突然变成了一场真正的全球性旷日持久的战争。但那是一个巨大的优势。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So it is with that mindset
that Chamberlain is going into those talks and thinking, “Okay, well,
I’m not going to get a war over Czechoslovakia. Who cares about them?
But I am going to show Hitler that I mean business.” Hitler’s going,
“Who’s this stuffy guy with his white hair? I don’t give a toss about
him.” And he’s coming at it from a completely different perspective.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以张伯伦就是带着这种心态去参加那些谈话的，他想：“好吧，我不会为了捷克斯洛伐克而开战。谁在乎他们？但我会向希特勒表明我是认真的。”希特勒则想：“这个白发苍苍的古板家伙是谁？我根本不在乎他。”他完全是从一个不同的角度来看待问题的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And I think one of the
things that’s so interesting from a dramatic point of view and from a
historian’s point of view, or even a novelist’s point of view, in the
case of Robert Harris writing his book about these negotiations, which I
don’t know if you’ve read it, but it’s terrifically good, it’s the fact
you’ve got two men, two alpha males who are going to those negotiations
from totally different perspectives and vantage points.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我认为，从戏剧性的角度，从历史学家的角度，甚至从小说家的角度来看，最有趣的事情之一是，罗伯特·哈里斯（Robert
Harris）写了一本关于这些谈判的书，我不知道你读过没有，但它非常棒，事实是你有两个人，两个强势男性，他们从完全不同的视角和有利位置去进行这些谈判。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And I think it’s very easy
for people today to forget how elevated Britain was in the late 1930s.
The gold standard was tied to the pound, not the dollar. And so Britain
was the number one nation in the world at that time, and it just was,
and it’s so diminished by comparison today that it’s hard to imagine it.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我认为今天的人很容易忘记1930年代末英国的地位有多么崇高。金本位制是与英镑挂钩的，而不是美元。所以英国当时是世界上第一大强国，确实如此，而今天它却如此衰落，以至于很难想象。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And I think one of the
interesting things about the historiography, about the narrative of how
we tell World War II is that so much of it has been dictated by the
shift in power that took place subsequent to 1945. And when people were
starting to write these sort of major narratives in the 1970s and ’80s
and into the 1990s, is through a prism of a very, very different world.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我认为关于史学、关于我们如何讲述二战的故事，其中一个有趣之处在于，很大一部分是由1945年之后发生的权力转移所决定的。当人们在1970年代、80年代以及90年代开始撰写这些重要的叙事时，都是通过一个非常、非常不同的世界来审视的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And so, one of the reasons
why you have this narrative that Britain was a bit rubbish and hanging
on the shirttails of the Americans and all the blood was spilt in
eastern front and Germany had the best army in the world and was only
defeated because Hitler was mad and blah, blah, blah, that kind of
traditional narrative, that narrative emerges through the prism of what
was going on in the 1970s and what was going on in the 1980s and the
changing world, rather than looking at it through the prism of the late
1930s or early 1940s.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
因此，为什么会出现这样一种叙事，即英国有点糟糕，只能在美国的尾巴上吊着，所有的鲜血都洒在东线，德国拥有世界上最好的军队，只是因为希特勒疯了才被击败，等等，这种传统的叙事，这种叙事是通过1970年代和1980年代以及不断变化的世界所发生的事情的棱镜而产生的，而不是通过1930年代末或1940年代初的棱镜来看待它的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So there is this moment of
decision. What lesson do you take from that? When is the right time for
appeasement, to negotiate, for diplomacy? And when is the right time for
military strength, offensive, attacking, for military conflict? Where is
that line? Where’s that-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
所以现在是这个决定时刻。你从中得到了什么教训？什么时候是采取绥靖政策、谈判、外交的正确时机？什么时候又是展示军事实力、进攻、打击、进行军事冲突的正确时机？这条线在哪里？那条线在哪里？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, I kind of think it
probably was when it was. I mean-

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，我有点觉得大概就是那时候。我的意思是——*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Poland.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 波兰。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah. Honestly, I’m not sure
it would’ve been the right decision to go to war in 1938. I can’t
predict because you can’t second-guess how things are going to play out
because you just don’t know.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的。老实说，我不太确定在1938年开战会是正确的决定。我无法预测，因为你无法事后猜测事情会如何发展，因为你根本不知道。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But I’m not sure that
Chamberlain made the wrong decision. I’m not saying he made the right
decision. I’m being a bit wishy-washy about this.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但我不确定张伯伦做了错误的决定。我不是说他做了正确的决定。我对此有点犹豫不决。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> You could’ve threatened it
more. Imagine Churchill in those same meetings.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
你可以威胁得更厉害些。想象一下丘吉尔在那些同样的会议上。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, but Churchill also
appeases. I mean, he appeases Stalin all the time. So the idea that
Churchill is this big strong man and never appeases, and he’s gung-ho
over war, Churchill’s out of the government at that time. He recognizes
that you can’t trust Hitler. He recognizes that Nazism is bad. But he,
because he’s out of the government, he doesn’t have a window on exactly
where Britain is at that particular time, in a way that Chamberlain
does.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，但丘吉尔也曾采取绥靖政策。我的意思是，他一直都在绥靖斯大林。所以那种认为丘吉尔是个强大的男人，从不妥协，而且对战争充满热情，这种想法是错误的，当时丘吉尔并不在政府内。他承认你不能信任希特勒。他承认纳粹主义是邪恶的。但他，因为他不在政府内，他无法像张伯伦那样确切了解当时英国的处境。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I suppose what I’m saying is
Chamberlain is better placed to make those decisions than Churchill is,
which again, doesn’t mean that Chamberlain is right and Churchill is
wrong.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我想我的意思是，张伯伦比丘吉尔更适合做出那些决定，这再次并不意味着张伯伦是对的而丘吉尔是错的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It’s just that’s a massive
punt to go to war in 1938 when you still don’t have, you’ve got a
handful of Spitfires, you’ve got a handful of Hurricanes, you haven’t
got enough. Your air defense system isn’t properly sorted at this point.
Your navy is strong, but what’s that kind of look like, I mean, if you
do go to war? Because it’s not going to be army sweeping into Germany.
It’s just it’s going to be accelerated industrialization for a year. So
even if you go to war in 1938 over Czechoslovakia, Czechoslovakia will
not be saved. France and Britain will not be going in and invading
Germany. That is absolutely not going to happen.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
只是，在1938年开战是个巨大的冒险，那时你还没有足够的喷火战斗机和飓风战斗机。你的防空系统在这一点上还没有完全整理好。你的海军很强大，但如果你真的开战，那会是怎样呢？因为它不会是军队横扫德国。它只会是加速工业化一年。所以即使你在1938年为了捷克斯洛伐克开战，捷克斯洛伐克也无法被拯救。法国和英国不会进入并入侵德国。那绝对不会发生。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So what’s the point, I mean,
if you’re not going to do that? Why didn’t you accelerate your
rearmament thereafter, get your ducks in a row, and then you can
consider it? I mean, after all, even in September 1939, they don’t
really do anything. I mean, we talked about the kind of Saar Offensive,
which isn’t really an offensive at all. It’s firing a one round of
machine gun and scuttling back again. But I mean, they don’t even do
that then. They’re still buying time in 1939, and Britain is only just
about ready to take on the onslaught of the Luftwaffe in summer of 1940.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
所以，我的意思是，如果你不打算那样做，那有什么意义呢？你为什么不在那之后加速重新武装，把事情安排妥当，然后才能考虑呢？我的意思是，毕竟，即使在1939年9月，他们也什么都没做。我的意思是，我们谈到那种萨尔攻势，那根本不是什么攻势。它只是开了一发机枪，然后又赶紧撤了回来。但我的意思是，他们那时甚至连那点事都没做。他们在1939年还在争取时间，而英国直到1940年夏天才勉强准备好应对德国空军的猛攻。*



<div id="chapter9_invasion_of_poland" class="content-section">

## Invasion of Poland <span class="timestamp">[1:33:18](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter9_invasion_of_poland)</span>

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Well, nobody’s ready for war.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 嗯，没人为战争做好准备。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> No, and you always want more
than you’ve got at any time, even when you’re winning.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
不，而且你总是想要比你现有的更多，即使你正在赢。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> But like really not ready.
Even like you mentioned with Barbarossa, Nazi Germany is really not
ready.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
但就像真的没有准备好。即使像你提到的巴巴罗萨行动，纳粹德国也真的没有准备好。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Not ready.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 没准备好。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Except France. I swear,
France-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 除了法国。我发誓，法国——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> \\inaudible 01:33:41\\

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> \[听不清 01:33:41\]*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Fine. But come on, come on.
When Nazi Germany invades Poland, I mean-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
好的。但是，来吧，来吧。当纳粹德国入侵波兰时，我的意思是——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, it’s terrible. It’s
terrible because I also do think that had France gone in, in some force
with some British troops as well, had they gone in, what would’ve
happened is, is that would’ve, that easily could’ve brought down Hitler
because most of his commanders are, his senior commanders are just
thinking, “What the hell is going on? This is a catastrophe.” I mean, to
a man.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，这很糟糕。这很糟糕，因为我也确实认为，如果法国也带着一些英军部队出击，如果他们真的出击，那么会发生什么呢，那就是，那很容易就能推翻希特勒，因为他的大多数指挥官，他的高级指挥官都在想，“到底发生了什么？这是一场灾难。”我的意思是，每一个人都这样想。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I mean, even Goring is
thinking this is a terrible idea. They are absolutely not convinced. And
when Hitler does his big talk to his… He asked all his senior commanders
to come to the Berghof to brief them about invasion of Poland, it’s just
after the Ribbentrop Molotov back to the 22nd of August. He calls them
all to Berghof and says, “Come in mufti, come in civilian suits.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我的意思是，连戈林都认为这是个糟糕的主意。他们绝对不相信。当希特勒向他的……他要求所有高级指挥官到贝格霍夫简报有关入侵波兰的事宜时，那正好是8月22日里宾特洛甫-莫洛托夫会谈之后。他把他们都叫到贝格霍夫，说：“穿便服来，穿西装来。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> They all turn up, and he
gives them this kind of huge great speech and says, “This is the moment,
this is the time. This is what we’re going to do.” And they’re all
going, “What? You’re kidding me. What, we’re going to Poland on the 26th
of August, that’s the plan, like two days’ time? Where’s the plan?”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他们都出现了，他给他们做了这样一场宏大的演讲，说：“就是现在，就是这个时候。这就是我们要做的。”他们都说：“什么？你在开玩笑吧。什么，我们8月26日要去波兰，就是这个计划，两天后？计划在哪儿？”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The whole point is that
they’re emerging and growing militarily, but they were supposed to have
all these exercises where they’re coordinating ground forces, the Panzer
spearhead with operations in the air with the Luftwaffe.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
关键在于他们正在军事上崛起和壮大，但他们本应进行所有这些演习，协调地面部队、装甲先锋队与德国空军的空中作战。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> None of that happens so
Poland becomes the proving ground, and actually they discover that
there’s lots of things that don’t work and lots of things that are
wrong. But it’s flying in the face of all convention, military
convention that he does this without any kind of warning.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
什么都没有发生，于是波兰成了试验场，他们发现很多东西都不管用，很多东西都错了。但他在没有任何警告的情况下这样做，完全是逆所有常规、军事常规而行。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And even by the 1st of
September where there’s been this kind of five-day delay at the
last-minute negotiations. The last-minute negotiations are thrust upon
Hitler by people like Goring and by Mussolini and the Italians going,
“Oh my God, don’t do this. Don’t do this. There’s got to be a solution,”
he was absolutely chomping at the bit.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
甚至到9月1日，最后时刻的谈判出现了五天的延迟。这些最后时刻的谈判是由戈林、墨索里尼和意大利人强加给希特勒的，他们说：“我的天哪，别这么做。别这么做。一定有解决办法。”他当时是完全跃跃欲试。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Well, in that case, from a
dark militaristic perspective, his bet paid off.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
嗯，在这种情况下，从一个黑暗的军事角度来看，他的赌注赢了。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, except that it ended
in ruins in May 1945 with the total collapse of Germany, so you could
say the worst decision he ever made was going into Poland in September
1930. Depends the way you look at it, but I mean if you were to say to
Hitler on the 30th of April as he’s sort of taking out the pistol from
his holster on his sofa in the Fuhrerbank and going, “Yeah, so, Adolf,
1st of September 1939, still backing yourself on that one?” I mean, he
might have a different view.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，除了它在1945年5月以德国的彻底崩溃而告终，所以你可以说他做过的最糟糕的决定是1930年9月入侵波兰。这取决于你如何看待它，但我的意思是，如果你在4月30日，当他正从他沙发上的元首银行的枪套中掏出手枪时，对他说：“是啊，阿道夫，1939年9月1日，你还支持那个吗？”我的意思是，他可能有不同的看法。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> The guy’s insane and full of
blunder so he probably would’ve said, “Yeah, do it all over again.”

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那个家伙疯了，而且错误百出，所以他可能只会说：“是的，再来一次。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, I’m sure he would’ve
done as well.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，我肯定他也会这么做的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Conquest Poland was not a
mistake. Soviet Union was not a mistake.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
征服波兰不是错误。苏联也不是错误。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> No.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 不。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> It’s just some of the-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 只是其中一些——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Other people. “I was let
down by people not being strong enough.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
别人。“我被那些不够强大的人辜负了。”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah, the Prussian generals
are all-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 是的，普鲁士将军们都——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, of course. That’s
exactly what he’d say. “It wasn’t my fault.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的，当然。他肯定会这么说。“那不是我的错。”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> He might have quietly done
some different decisions about Barbarossa. Maybe the timing would be
different.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
他可能私下里对巴巴罗萨行动做出了一些不同的决定。也许时机也会不同。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Maybe that all out central
for us, rather than kind of splitting into three.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
也许我们应该全力以赴，而不是分成三路。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Yeah.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But he was very sure, it
seems like, maybe you can correct me, that Britain and France would
still carry on with appeasement even after he invaded Poland.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但他似乎非常确定，也许你可以纠正我，即使在入侵波兰之后，英国和法国仍然会继续实行绥靖政策。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Absolutely. He was
completely convinced by it. There was clearly a sort of 10 to 15% level
of doubt, “But what the heck, I’m going to do it anyway.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
当然。他完全相信。显然有一点10%到15%的怀疑，“但管他呢，我还是要干。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> He’d ratcheted himself up
into such a lava of kind of, “This is the moment. I have to do it now.
This is fate. I’m 50, and I could be taken out by an assassin’s bullet.
I’ve got this important life work that I’ve got to do. We’ve got to get
on with it now. There could be no more delay. This is my mission. This
is our mission of the German people, and the German people have got the
will and the spirit to be able to pull it off.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他已经把自己推到了一个“就是现在。我必须现在就做。这就是命运。我50岁了，随时可能被刺客的子弹击毙。我有这份重要的毕生工作必须完成。我们现在必须继续。不能再拖延了。这是我的使命。这是我们德意志民族的使命，德意志民族有能力和精神来完成它。”的熔岩状态。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Or “I was wrong, and,
therefore, we don’t deserve to be a Thousand-Year Reich. We don’t
deserve to be the master race, black or white. \\inaudible 01:37:52\\
same all the time.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
或者“我错了，因此，我们不配成为千年帝国。我们不配成为主宰民族，无论是黑是白。
\[听不清 01:37:52\] 总是如此。”*



<div id="chapter10_molotov_ribbentrop_pact" class="content-section">

## Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact <span class="timestamp">[1:37:55](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter10_molotov_ribbentrop_pact)</span>

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So can you tell the story of
the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact in 1939? So they make an agreement, Nazi
Germany and the Soviet Union, and that leads us, just like you were
mentioning, in a matter of days, how compact everything is. It’s just
really, really fascinating how crooked-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
那么你能讲讲1939年莫洛托夫-里宾特洛甫条约的故事吗？所以纳粹德国和苏联达成了一项协议，这导致了，就像你提到的，在几天之内，一切都变得多么紧凑。这简直太令人着迷了，多么狡猾——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> It’s a beautiful summer in
Europe, summer of 1939. It’s one of these glorious summers that sort of
never rains. It’s just sunshine, sunny day after sunny day. It’s like
that sort of golden summer of 1914 as well, where sky always seems to be
blue, fluffy, white clouds, everyone sort of, you know, but this sort of
the storm clouds of war, to use that cliche, are kind of brewing.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
1939年的欧洲正值美丽的夏季，这是那种似乎从不下雨的辉煌夏日。只有阳光，一天又一天的晴朗。就像1914年那个金色的夏天，天空总是湛蓝，白云朵朵，每个人都，你知道，但这预示着战争的乌云，用这个陈词滥调来说，正在酝酿。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> The Russians have reached
out to Britain and France and said, “Come on over, let’s negotiate.
Let’s see what we can do,” and there is just no stomach for that at all.
I mean, if ever there is, I think, a mistake that’s Britain and France
should’ve been a bit more into realpolitiks than they were. It’s such an
opportunity to ensure that, to snooker the Third Reich, and they don’t
take it. Because in many ways they see the westward spread of communism
in exactly the same way that the Nazis see the threat of the westward
spread of communism as something that’s every bit as repellent as
Nazism, and they don’t want to be getting into bed with these guys.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
俄罗斯人已经向英国和法国伸出橄榄枝，说：“过来吧，我们谈判吧。看看我们能做些什么。”但对此根本就没有丝毫的意愿。我的意思是，如果说有什么错误的话，我认为英国和法国本应该更注重现实政治。这是一个如此好的机会，可以确保，可以阻挠第三帝国，但他们没有把握住。因为在许多方面，他们看待共产主义向西蔓延的方式，与纳粹看待共产主义向西蔓延的威胁完全相同，都认为它和纳粹主义一样令人厌恶，他们不想和这些人同流合污。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Of course, they have to kind
of change tack on that one in summer of 1941 in very quick order, and
that’s the whole point about Churchill appeasing Stalin. I mean, it’s
all very well people saying, “Well, Churchill wouldn’t have appeased
Hitler in the 1930s,” but he does appease. He appeases all the time, and
they miss that opportunity.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
当然，他们在1941年夏天不得不迅速改变策略，而这正是关于丘吉尔绥靖斯大林的重点。我的意思是，人们说“丘吉尔在1930年代不会绥靖希特勒”都很好，但他确实绥靖了。他一直在绥靖，他们错过了那个机会。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And the French and British
delegation is third-tier commanders, generals going over. Yeah, it was a
shit show. I mean, yeah, excuse my French, but I mean, it’s a nonsense
that they’re not ready for it. They’re not prepared. The British guy
\\inaudible 01:40:06\\ doesn’t have any authority. The whole thing’s a
complete joke. It’s never going to get anywhere.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
法国和英国的代表团都是三线指挥官、将军过去。是的，那简直是一场闹剧。我的意思是，恕我直言，他们还没有准备好，实在是荒谬。他们没有做好准备。那个英国人\[听不清
01:40:06\]没有任何权力。整件事都完全是个笑话。根本不可能有任何进展。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> You tell the story of this
quite beautifully, actually. Again, it’s such a human story. I mean, it
seems like the Stalin and the Soviet-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
你讲这个故事讲得真不错，实际上。再说一次，这是一个如此人性化的故事。我的意思是，看起来斯大林和苏联——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> They’ve already made up
their mind.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 他们已经下定决心了。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> But-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 但是——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, I don’t they have. I
think what they-

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，我不认为他们有。我认为他们——*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Wait, wait, wait. I mean, you
described quite well that they value in-person meeting.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
等等，等等。我的意思是，你描述得很好，他们重视面对面会议。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So Chamberlain should have
just gone to Moscow.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
所以张伯伦本应该直接去莫斯科的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah, get on a plane.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的，坐飞机。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Maybe it’s a simplistic
notion, but that could’ve changed the trajectory of human history right
there.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
也许这是一种简单的想法，但那可能就改变了人类历史的轨迹。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I really think it could’ve
done. I think that’s much more grievous mistake than the Munich.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我真的认为它可能做到了。我认为那比慕尼黑会议更严重的错误。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Why are leaders so hesitant to
meet? I’m told now by a bunch of diplomats that, “No, no, no, no.
There’s a process. At first, you have to have these diplomats meet, and
they have to draft a bunch of stuff.”

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
为什么领导人如此犹豫不决地会面？现在有一群外交官告诉我，“不，不，不，不。这有一个过程。首先，你必须让这些外交官会面，他们必须起草一堆东西。”*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I sometimes have the
simplistic notion, like, why not meet? Why not meet? I think there is a
human element there, of course, especially when there’s this force that
is Hitler.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我有时会有一些简单的想法，比如，为什么不见面呢？为什么不见面呢？我认为这里面当然有人性化的因素，尤其是在有希特勒这种力量存在的时候。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, yes, and because we,
humans, we like to interact, and you like to see people in three
dimensions, and I’m sure that’s why you always, quite rightly, insist on
doing your podcast face-to-face. Because you want to get the cut of
someone’s jib, and you want to be able to see them, and you want to see
the intonation and the expression and the whites of their eyes and all
that kind of stuff.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，是的，因为我们人类喜欢互动，你喜欢看到三维立体的人，我相信这就是为什么你总是理所当然地坚持面对面地录制你的播客。因为你想了解一个人的秉性，你想能够看到他们，你想看到他们的语调、表情以及他们的眼白等等。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And that just does make a
difference, of course, because we’re fundamentally animals, and we want
to be sizing people up. And it’s much easier to do that when you’re a
few feet away from each other than it is on a video screen or through
the prism of someone else.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
当然，这确实会带来不同，因为我们本质上是动物，我们想要衡量别人。当你们相距几英尺时，这比在视频屏幕上或通过别人的视角来做要容易得多。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yes.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> … and military conflict is the
extreme version of that. You can construct these narratives that they’re
not human, that they’re evil, that they’re… You can construct communist
ideology, all these… You can project onto them the worst possible
version of a human. But when you meet them, you’re like, “Oh.”

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
……而军事冲突就是它的极端版本。你可以构建这样的叙事，说他们不是人，他们是邪恶的，他们是……你可以构建共产主义意识形态，所有这些……你可以把人类最糟糕的形象投射到他们身上。但当你见到他们时，你会说：“哦。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> They’re all just a person.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 他们都只是一个人。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Well, it’s the world’s great
tragedy that it’s only a few people that want to go to war, and the vast
majority want to live happily contented lives getting on with their
neighbors. I mean, it has been ever thus. It’s just it is those few that
kind ruin it for everybody else.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
嗯，这是世界上最大的悲剧，只有少数人想打仗，而绝大多数人只想过上幸福满足的生活，与邻为善。我的意思是，一直以来都是如此。只是少数人会为其他人毁掉一切。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But anyway, to go back to
Leningrad, back in August 1939, they go half-cocked. They’re
disrespectful to Soviet Union as a result of that. It gets nowhere. Had
they been able to put on a really, really firm offer there and then to
the Soviet Union, Soviet Union would’ve probably come in.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但无论如何，回到1939年8月的列宁格勒，他们准备不足。因此他们对苏联很不尊重。结果一无所获。如果他们当时能向苏联提出一个真正非常坚定的提议，苏联很可能会加入。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> I mean, the big thing is, is
that the Soviet Union said, “This is a big stumbling block.” The Soviet
Union said, “Yeah, but we want to be able to march through Poland if we
get threatened by Germany.”

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
我的意思是，最重要的是，苏联说：“这是一个巨大的绊脚石。”苏联说：“是的，但如果受到德国的威胁，我们希望能够穿越波兰。”*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But the British and French
just smell a massive rat there. They’re basically saying if they agree
to that, what they fear is that Soviet Union will just march into Poland
and go, “Yeah, but you said we could,” and take it, which they
unquestionably would’ve done, but it would’ve stopped the World War,
probably.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但英国人和法国人只是觉得事有蹊跷。他们基本上是说，如果他们同意，他们担心的就是苏联会直接开进波兰，然后说：“是啊，但你说我们可以，”然后就占领了，他们无疑会这样做，但这可能会阻止世界大战的爆发。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> They’re willing to appease
Hitler. They’re not willing to appease Stalin in that situation.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
他们愿意绥靖希特勒。在这种情况下，他们不愿意绥靖斯大林。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, they’re not willing to
appease anybody by that stage, that’s the point.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，到那个阶段他们谁都不愿意绥靖，这是重点。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Well, they appeased Hitler
because-

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 嗯，他们绥靖希特勒因为——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> They did, but you have
\\inaudible 01:43:52\\ there’s a bottom line, which is Poland, so it’s
changed. That’s the point.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他们是这么做的，但你得有一个底线，那就是波兰，所以情况变了。这就是重点。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Right, right.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 对，对。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> But anyway, the bottom line
is they don’t, there is a reluctance on the part of French and the
British to negotiate with the Soviet Union because they’re communists,
don’t like them, don’t trust them, worry about what they’re going to do
with Poland, are they’re going to be jumping out of the fire into the
kind of water, and it doesn’t come off.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
但无论如何，底线是他们没有，法国和英国不愿与苏联进行谈判，因为他们是共产主义者，不喜欢他们，不信任他们，担心他们会对波兰做什么，他们是否会跳出火坑又入水中，结果谈判破裂。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And as a consequence of
that, Soviet Union continue to pursue more hardly, more and more
vociferously the opportunities that the Germans are offering, which is
the split of Poland. Because Soviet Union wants that part of Poland back
in its own sphere of influence, and it doesn’t want to go to war just
yet.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
因此，苏联继续更努力、更响亮地追求德国提供的机会，那就是瓜分波兰。因为苏联希望那部分波兰回归自己的势力范围，而且它当下不想开战。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> And the agreement that they
won’t attack each other, essentially.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
而且他们基本上同意互不侵犯。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yep.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> You think Stalin actually
believed that?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
你认为斯大林真的相信那个吗？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> No, he believed it in the
same way that Hitler believed it, that it was a cynical kind of
convenient bit of realpolitik for now. I mean, I think Soviet Union was
as determined to get rid of the Nazis as the Nazis were determined to
get rid of the Soviet Union. I think whoever fired first-

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
不，他相信它，就像希特勒相信它一样，认为这只是当下犬儒主义式的权宜之计。我的意思是，我认为苏联下定决心要铲除纳粹，就像纳粹下定决心要铲除苏联一样。我想无论是谁先开火——*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> … Nazis as the Nazis were
determined to get rid of the Soviet Union. I think whoever fired first
was not decided at that point, but I do think that from the moment that
Hitler takes power in 1933, a conflict between the Soviet Union and Nazi
Germany is inevitable.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
……纳粹，正如纳粹决心除掉苏联一样。我认为当时谁先开火尚未决定，但我确实认为，从希特勒1933年掌权的那一刻起，苏联与纳粹德国之间的冲突就不可避免了。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> So either direction, you think
it’s inevitable.

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
所以无论哪个方向，你都认为这是不可避免的。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> I think, yeah, there’s a huge
amount of evidence for that. Stalin probably wanted it, what, in ’42,
’43?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
我想，是的，有很多证据。斯大林可能想要它，在42年，43年？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span> 是的。*

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Something like that?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span> 类似那样的东西？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Yeah. And they’re doing
exercises and stuff and building out, but he’s not ready yet because he
knows he’s done the purges and he’s got to get his armed forces back
into shape and all the rest of it. So they have this incredibly cynical
agreement, but at that point, Hitler’s hands are untied. He no longer
has to worry about the threat from the Soviet Union. He’s got carte
blanche to go into Poland, and he doesn’t believe that France and
Britain are going to go to war over Poland. He’s wrong about that,
obviously. But France and Britain, despite going to war with him, still
do nothing. So he’s got away with it.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
是的。他们正在进行演习等等，并不断建设，但他还没有准备好，因为他知道他已经进行了清洗，他必须让他的武装部队恢复状态等等。所以他们达成了这个极其犬儒的协议，但在那时，希特勒的手被解放了。他不再需要担心来自苏联的威胁。他有全权入侵波兰，而且他不相信法国和英国会为了波兰而开战。显然他错了。但法国和英国，尽管与他开战，却仍然什么也没做。所以他侥幸逃脱了。*



<div id="chapter11_winston_churchill" class="content-section">

## Winston Churchill <span class="timestamp">[1:45:56](https://lexfridman.com/#chapter11_winston_churchill)</span>

<span class="speaker">Lex Fridman:</span> Who was Churchill, and how did
Churchill come to power at this moment?

*<span class="speaker">莱克斯·弗里德曼:</span>
丘吉尔是谁，他又是如何在此时上台的？*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> Well, Churchill is this
absolutely towering figure in British politics. He’s first minister in
the naughties of the 20th century and the first years of the 20th
century. First of the liberals, then of the conservatives. He’s a former
Chancellor of the Exchequer. He’s a towering figure, but he’s been in
the wilderness because he’s out of favor with the Stanley Baldwin
government. He’s out of favor with Chamberlain, but he is this towering
figure, and he has been very outspoken as a backbencher, which basically
means you’re not a minister, you’re not in the cabinet, you’re just an
ordinary member of parliament. But obviously you are an ordinary member
of parliament, but you’re also an ordinary member of parliament who has
had ministries of state and who is this towering figure. So he’s
listened to in a way that other backbenchers aren’t.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
嗯，丘吉尔是英国政治中一位绝对的巨人。他20世纪初是第一任大臣，是20世纪最初几年的第一任大臣。先是自由党人，然后是保守党人。他曾任财政大臣。他是一位巨人，但他一直处于政治边缘，因为他不受斯坦利·鲍德温政府的青睐。他不受张伯伦的青睐，但他是一位巨人，而且他作为普通议员一直非常直言不讳，这基本上意味着你不是部长，你不在内阁，你只是一名普通的议员。但显然，你是一名普通的议员，但你也是一位曾担任过国务大臣的普通议员，而且他就是这样一位巨人。所以他以其他普通议员所没有的方式被倾听。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> And he has been saying, “We
need to stand up to the dictators. We need to do this. We need to rearm
more heavily,” and blah, blah, blah. So when war is declared, he’s
brought back into the admiralty in charge of the Navy, which is
Britain’s senior service, and suddenly he’s there. And what happens is
Britain doesn’t really do anything. It’s very difficult working with
France because France is so politically fractured that they can’t make
any decisions. When you can’t make any decisions, you are just impotent.
And so Churchill first mentions going into Norway mining the leads. So
the idea is that you’re making life very difficult for the Germans to
get iron ore out of Sweden. Their main source of iron ore is up in the
northern part of Sweden in the Arctic Circle, and then goes on a railway
through the northern tip of Norway and then gets shipped down the west
coast of Norway into Germany, into the Baltic.

*<span class="speaker">詹姆斯·霍兰德:</span>
他一直以来都在说：“我们需要反抗独裁者。我们需要这样做。我们需要更大力度地重新武装。”等等。所以当战争宣战时，他被召回海军部，负责海军，而海军是英国的最高级兵种，于是他突然就位了。而发生的情况是，英国实际上什么也没做。与法国合作非常困难，因为法国的政治分裂得非常严重，他们无法做出任何决定。当你无法做出任何决定时，你就只能是无能为力。所以丘吉尔首先提议进入挪威布雷。这样做的目的是让德国人从瑞典获取铁矿石变得非常困难。他们主要的铁矿石来源是瑞典北部北极圈内，然后通过挪威北部尖端的一条铁路运输，再沿挪威西海岸运往德国，进入波罗的海。*

<span class="speaker">James Holland:</span> So Churchill suggests, in
September 1939, why don’t we mine the leads? Which the leads are these
passageways out of the fjords in the north into the North Sea. Why don’t
we mine those and stop the Germans from taking this? And everyone goes,
“Well, yeah, that’s quite a good idea.” But they can’t decide, and the
French are nervous that if they do that, the Germans would retaliate in
bomb France and all this kind of stuff. So no decision is made until
April 19, 1940. They go up to start mining
