---
title: "Sundar Pichai: 谷歌与Alphabet CEO | Lex Fridman 播客 #471"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "Sundar Pichai（谷歌与Alphabet首席执行官），Lex Fridman（主持人），Andrew（谷歌Beam团队），发言人3（谷歌XR团队）"
  guest: "" 
  source: ""
---

<div id="report-container" class="report-container">

# Sundar Pichai: 谷歌与Alphabet CEO \| Lex Fridman 播客 \#471

<div class="speaker-intro">

**Speakers:** Sundar Pichai (CEO of Google and Alphabet), Lex Fridman
(Host), Andrew (Google Beam Team), Speaker 3 (Google XR Team)

**主讲人：** Sundar Pichai（谷歌与Alphabet首席执行官），Lex
Fridman（主持人），Andrew（谷歌Beam团队），发言人3（谷歌XR团队）



<div class="highlights">

## 本集亮点 (Episode Highlight)

### Sundar Pichai:

It was a five-year waiting list, and we got a rotary telephone. But it
dramatically changed our lives. People would come to our house to make
calls to their loved ones. I would have to go all the way to the
hospital to get blood test records and it would take two hours to go and
they would say, “Sorry, it’s not ready. Come back the next day.”, two
hours to come back. And that became a five-minute thing. So as a kid,
this light bulb went in my head, this power of technology to change
people’s lives.

那是一个需要等待五年的名单，我们才得到了一部转盘电话。但它极大地改变了我们的生活。人们会来我们家给他们的亲人打电话。我过去得跑大老远去医院拿血检报告，去要花两个小时，然后他们会说：“对不起，还没好。明天再来吧。”回来又要花两个小时。而这后来变成了一件五分钟就能搞定的事。所以，作为一个孩子，我脑中灵光一闪，意识到了科技改变人们生活的力量。

We had no running water. It was a massive drought, so they would get
water in these trucks, maybe eight buckets per household. So me and my
brother, sometimes my mom, we would wait in line, get that and bring it
back home. Many years later, we had running water and we had a water
heater, and you could get hot water to take a shower. For me, everything
was discreet like that. So, I’ve always had this thing, first-hand
feeling of how technology can dramatically change your life, and the
opportunity it brings. I think if p(doom) is actually high, at some
point, all of humanity is aligned in making sure that’s not the case,
and so we’ll actually make more progress against it, I think. So the
irony is there is a self-modulating aspect there. I think if humanity
collectively puts their mind to solving a problem, whatever it is, I
think we can get there. Because of that, I think I’m optimistic on the
p(doom) scenarios, but that doesn’t mean I think the underlying risk is
actually pretty high. But I have a lot of faith in humanity rising up to
meet that moment.

我们没有自来水。当时正值大旱，他们会用卡车运水来，大概每户八桶。所以我和我哥哥，有时还有我妈妈，会排队去取水，然后带回家。很多年后，我们有了自来水，还有了热水器，可以洗上热水澡。对我来说，一切都像这样是离散的进步。所以，我一直有这种亲身感受，科技如何能极大地改变你的生活，以及它带来的机遇。我认为，如果“毁灭概率”（p(doom)）真的很高，那么在某个时刻，全人类都会联合起来确保这种情况不会发生，因此我们实际上会在这方面取得更多进展。所以讽刺的是，这里存在一个自我调节的方面。我认为，如果人类集体下定决心解决一个问题，无论是什么问题，我们都能做到。因此，我对“毁灭概率”的情景持乐观态度，但这并不意味着我认为潜在的风险不高。但我对人类能够挺身而出迎接那一刻抱有很大信心。

### Lex Fridman:

Take me through that experience, when there’s all these articles saying,
” You’re the wrong guy to lead Google through this. Google’s lost. It’s
done. It’s over.”

带我回顾一下那段经历，当所有文章都在说：“你不是带领谷歌度过难关的合适人选。谷歌迷失了。它完蛋了。一切都结束了。”



## 引言 (Introduction)

### Lex Fridman:

The following is a conversation with Sundar Pichai, the CEO of Google
and Alphabet on this, the Lex Fridman podcast.

以下是与谷歌和Alphabet首席执行官Sundar Pichai在Lex Fridman播客上的对话。

## 在印度成长 (Growing up in India)

### Lex Fridman:

Your life story is inspiring to a lot of people. It’s inspiring to me.
You grew up in India, whole family living in a humble two-room
apartment, very little, almost no access to technology. And from those
humble beginnings, you rose to lead a \$2 trillion technology company.
If you could travel back in time and told that, let’s say,
twelve-year-old Sundar that you’re now leading one of the largest
companies in human history, what do you think that young kid would say?

你的人生故事激励了很多人，也激励了我。你在印度长大，全家住在一个简陋的两居室公寓里，几乎接触不到科技。从这样
humble
的起点，你一步步成长为一家市值2万亿美元的科技公司的领导者。如果你能回到过去，告诉那个，比如说，十二岁的
Sundar，他现在正领导着人类历史上最大的公司之一，你认为那个小男孩会说什么？

### Sundar Pichai:

I would’ve probably laughed it off. Probably too far-fetched to imagine
or believe at that time.

我大概会一笑置之。在当时，这可能太过遥远，难以想象或相信。

### Lex Fridman:

You would have to explain the internet first.

你得先向他解释什么是互联网。

### Sundar Pichai:

For sure. Computers to me, at that time, I was 12 in 1984, so probably…
By then, I’d started reading about them, but I hadn’t seen one.

当然。对我来说，那时候是1984年，我12岁，所以……到那时，我已经开始阅读有关计算机的书籍，但还没亲眼见过一台。

### Lex Fridman:

What was that place like? Take me to your childhood.

那是个什么样的地方？带我回到你的童年。

### Sundar Pichai:

I grew up in Chennai. It’s in south of India. It’s a beautiful, bustling
city, lots of people, lots of energy, simple life. Definitely fond
memories of playing cricket outside the home. We just used to play on
the streets. All the neighborhood kids would come out and we would play
until it got dark and we couldn’t play anymore, barefoot. Traffic would
come. We would just stop the game. Everything would drive through and
you would just continue playing, just to get the visual in your head.
Pre computers, there a lot of free time, now that I think about it. Now
you have to go and seek that quiet solitude or something. Newspapers,
books is how I gained access to the world’s information at the time. My
grandfather was a big influence. He worked in the post office. He was so
good with language. His English… His handwriting, till today, is the
most beautiful handwriting I’ve ever seen. He would write so clearly. He
was so articulate, and so he got me introduced into books. He loved
politics. We could talk about anything. That was there in my family
throughout. Lots of books, trashy books, good books, everything from Ayn
Rand to books on philosophy to stupid crime novels. Books was a big part
of my life, but the soul, it’s not surprising I ended up at Google,
because Google’s mission always resonated deeply with me. This access to
knowledge, I was hungry for it. But definitely have fond memories of my
childhood. Access to knowledge was there, so that’s the wealth we had.
Every aspect of technology I had to wait for a while. I’ve obviously
spoken before about how long it took for us to get a phone, about five
years, but it’s not the only thing.

我在金奈长大，它位于印度南部。那是一个美丽而繁华的城市，人很多，充满活力，生活简单。我确实有很多在户外打板球的美好回忆。我们就在街上玩。所有邻居家的孩子都会出来，我们一直玩到天黑，直到看不清为止，都光着脚。有车经过时，我们就停下游戏，等车辆驶过后，再继续玩，这样你就能想象出那个画面了。在计算机出现之前，现在回想起来，我们有很多空闲时间。如今，你得刻意去寻找那份宁静的独处。当时，报纸和书籍是我获取世界信息的途径。我的祖父对我影响很大。他在邮局工作，语言能力非常强。他的英语……他的笔迹，至今仍是我见过最漂亮的。他写字非常清晰，表达能力也很强，是他引导我进入了书的世界。他热爱政治，我们可以谈论任何事情。这一点贯穿了我的家庭生活。我们有很多书，有通俗读物，也有好书，从安·兰德到哲学书籍，再到无聊的犯罪小说，应有尽有。书籍是我生活的重要组成部分，但其核心，我最终来到谷歌并不奇怪，因为谷歌的使命一直与我内心深处产生共鸣。我对这种获取知识的渴望非常强烈。但我确实对童年有着美好的回忆。我们拥有获取知识的途径，这就是我们拥有的财富。科技的每一个方面，我都得等上一段时间。我之前显然也谈到过我们家等了多久才装上电话，大概五年，但这并不是唯一的事情。

### Lex Fridman:

A telephone?

一部电话？

### Sundar Pichai:

There was a five-year waiting list, and we got a rotary telephone. But
it dramatically changed our lives. People would come to our house to
make calls to their loved ones. I would have to go all the way to the
hospital to get blood test records, and it would take two hours to go
and they would say, “Sorry, it’s not ready. Come back the next day.”,
two hours to come back. And that became a five-minute thing. So as a
kid, this light bulb went in my head, this power of technology to change
people’s lives. We had no running water. It was a massive drought, so
they would get water in these trucks, maybe eight buckets per household.
So me and my brother, sometimes my mom, we would wait in line, get that
and bring it back home. Many years later, we had running water and we
had a water heater, and you could get hot water to take a shower. For
me, everything was discreet like that. So, I’ve always had this thing,
first-hand feeling of how technology can dramatically change your life,
and the opportunity it brings. That was a subliminal takeaway for me
throughout growing up. I actually observed it and felt it. We had to
convince my dad for a long time to get a VCR. Do you know what a VCR is?

当时要排五年的队，我们才得到一部转盘电话。但它极大地改变了我们的生活。人们会来我们家给他们的亲人打电话。我以前得跑大老远去医院拿血检报告，去要花两个小时，然后他们会说：“对不起，还没好。明天再来吧。”回来又要花两个小时。而这后来变成了一件五分钟就能搞定的事。所以，作为一个孩子，我脑中灵光一闪，意识到了科技改变人们生活的力量。我们没有自来水。当时正值大旱，他们会用卡车运水来，大概每户八桶。所以我和我哥哥，有时还有我妈妈，会排队去取水，然后带回家。很多年后，我们有了自来水，还有了热水器，可以洗上热水澡。对我来说，一切都像这样是离散的进步。所以，我一直有这种亲身感受，科技如何能极大地改变你的生活，以及它带来的机遇。这在我成长过程中是一个潜移默化的体会。我确实观察到并感受到了它。我们花了很长时间才说服我爸爸买一台录像机。你知道什么是录像机吗？

### Lex Fridman:

Yes.

是的。

### Sundar Pichai:

I’m trying to date you now. Because before that, you only had one TV
channel. That’s it. So, you can watch movies or something like that, but
this was by the time I was in 12th grade, we got a VCR. It was a
Panasonic, which we had to go to some shop which had smuggled it in, I
guess, and that’s where we bought a VCR. But then being able to record a
World Cup football game or get bootleg videotapes and watch movies, all
that. So I had these discrete memories growing up, and so always left me
with the feeling of how getting access to technology drives that step
change in your life.

我现在是在试探你的年龄。因为在那之前，只有一个电视频道。仅此而已。所以，你可以看电影之类的，但这已经是我上12年级的时候了，我们才有了录像机。那是一台松下的，我们得去一家大概是走私进来的店里买。但之后，就能录下世界杯足球赛，或者弄到盗版录像带看电影，诸如此类。所以，我成长过程中有这些零散的记忆，这总是让我感受到，获取科技是如何推动你生活发生阶级性变化的。

### Lex Fridman:

I don’t think you’ll ever be able to equal the first time you get hot
water.

我想，第一次有热水的那种体验是无可比拟的。

### Sundar Pichai:

To have that convenience of going and opening a tap and have hot water
come out? Yeah.

那种拧开水龙头就有热水流出的便利？是的。

### Lex Fridman:

It’s interesting. We take for granted the progress we’ve made. If you
look at human history, just those plots that look at GDP across 2,000
years, and you see that exponential growth to where most of the progress
happened since the Industrial Revolution, and we just take for granted,
we forget how far we’ve gone. So, our ability to understand how great we
have it and also how quickly technology can improve is quite poor.

这很有趣。我们把我们取得的进步视为理所当然。如果你回顾人类历史，看看那张跨越2000年的GDP图表，你会看到指数级的增长，其中大部分进步都发生在工业革命之后。而我们只是理所当然地接受了这一切，忘记了我们已经走了多远。所以，我们理解自己处境有多好以及科技能多快进步的能力，其实相当薄弱。

### Sundar Pichai:

Oh. I mean, it’s extraordinary. I go back to India now, the power of
mobile. It’s mind blowing to see the progress through the arc of time.
It’s phenomenal.

哦，我的意思是，这非同凡响。我现在回到印度，移动技术的力量。看到这段时间里的进步，真是令人震撼。太了不起了。

## 给年轻人的建议 (Advice for young people)

### Lex Fridman:

What advice would you give to young folks listening to this all over the
world, who look up to you and find your story inspiring, who want to be
maybe the next Sundar Pichai, who want to start, create companies, build
something that has a lot of impact in the world?

对于全世界正在收听这个节目、敬仰你并从你的故事中获得启发的年轻人，你有什么建议？他们或许想成为下一个桑达尔·皮查伊，想创业、创建公司，想创造出对世界有巨大影响的东西。

### Sundar Pichai:

You have a lot of luck along the way, but you obviously have to make
smart choices, you’re thinking about what you want to do, your brain is
telling you something. But when you do things, I think it’s important to
get that… Listen to your heart and see whether you actually enjoy doing
it. That feeling of if you love what you do, it’s so much easier, and
you’re going to see the best version of yourself. It’s easier said than
done. I think it’s tough to find things you love doing. But I think
listening to your heart a bit more than your mind in terms of figuring
out what you want to do, I think is one of the best things I would tell
people. The second thing is trying to work with people who you feel… At
various points in my life I’ve worked with people who I felt were better
than me. You almost are sitting in a room talking to someone and they’re
wow. you want that feeling a few times. Trying to get yourself in a
position where you’re working with people who you feel are stretching
your abilities is what helps you grow, I think, so putting yourself in
uncomfortable situations. And I think often you’ll surprise yourself.
So, I think being open minded enough to put yourself in those positions
is maybe another thing I would say.

一路上你会遇到很多运气，但显然你也必须做出明智的选择，你在思考自己想做什么，你的大脑在告诉你一些事。但在你做事情的时候，我认为重要的是……倾听你的内心，看看你是否真的享受其中。那种如果你热爱你所做的事的感觉，会让一切变得容易得多，你也会看到最好的自己。这说起来容易做起来难。我认为找到你热爱的事情很难。但我认为，在决定自己想做什么时，多听听内心的声音，而不是只听大脑的，这是我能给人们最好的建议之一。第二件事是，努力与那些你觉得……在我生命中的不同阶段，我曾与那些我觉得比我优秀的人共事。你几乎是坐在一个房间里和某人交谈，然后感叹“哇”。你希望有几次这样的感觉。努力让自己处在一个与那些能挑战你能力极限的人一起工作的位置，这才是帮助你成长的方式，我认为，所以要把自己置于不舒服的环境中。而且我认为，你常常会给自己带来惊喜。所以，我认为保持足够开放的心态，把自己置于那样的位置，或许是我想说的另一件事。

## 领导风格 (Styles of leadership)

### Lex Fridman:

What lessons can we learn? Maybe from an outsider perspective, for me,
looking at your story and gotten to know you a bit, you’re humble,
you’re kind. Usually when I think of somebody who has had a journey like
yours and climbs to the very top of leadership in a cutthroat world,
they’re usually going to be a bit of an asshole. What wisdom are we
supposed to draw from the fact that your general approach is of balance,
of humility, of kindness, listening to everybody. What’s your secret?
But have there been times I lose it? Yeah. Maybe less often than others,
and maybe over the years less and less so, because I find it’s not
needed to achieve what you need to do.

我们能学到什么教训？也许从一个局外人的角度来看，对我来说，看着你的故事并对你有所了解，你谦逊、善良。通常当我想到一个有着你这样经历，并在一个残酷的世界里攀登到领导层顶峰的人时，他们通常会有点混蛋。我们应该从你那种平衡、谦逊、善良、倾听每个人的普遍做法中汲取什么智慧呢？你的秘诀是什么？但是，有没有我失控的时候？有。也许比别人少，而且随着岁月的流逝越来越少，因为我发现要实现你需要做的事情，并不需要那样。

### Lex Fridman:

So, losing your shit has not been productive?

所以，发脾气并没有什么成效？

### Sundar Pichai:

Less often than not. I think people respond to that.

不经常这样。我认为人们会对那种方式做出反应。

### Lex Fridman:

Yeah.

是的。

### Sundar Pichai:

They may do stuff to react to that. You actually want them to do the
right thing. I’m a sports fan. In soccer, not football, people often
talk about man management. Great coaches do. I think there is an element
of that in our lives. How do you get the best out of the people you work
with? At times, you’re working with people who are so committed to
achieving, if they’ve done something wrong, they feel it more than you
do, so you treat them differently than… Occasionally, there are people
who you need to clearly let them know that wasn’t okay or whatever it
is. But I’ve often found that not to be the case.

他们可能会因为那种反应而做些什么。而你实际上是希望他们做正确的事。我是个体育迷。在足球（soccer，非美式足球）中，人们常谈到“人员管理”（man
management）。伟大的教练都这么做。我认为我们生活中也有这方面的因素。你如何让你共事的人发挥出最好水平？有时候，你和一些非常敬业的人一起工作，如果他们做错了什么，他们自己的感受比你更强烈，所以你对待他们的方式就不同……偶尔，也会有一些人，你需要明确地让他们知道那样做是不对的。但我发现这种情况并不常见。

### Lex Fridman:

And sometimes the right words at the right time spoken firmly can
reverberate through time.

有时候，在恰当的时机，用坚定的语气说出的正确的话，其影响可以穿越时空。

### Sundar Pichai:

Also sometimes, the unspoken words. People can sometimes see that you’re
unhappy without you saying it, and so sometimes the silence can deliver
that message even more.

有时候，不言而喻的话语也是如此。人们有时能看出你不高兴，即使你什么都没说，所以沉默有时更能传达信息。

### Lex Fridman:

Sometimes less is more. Who’s the greatest soccer player of all time?
Messi, Ronaldo or Pelé or Maradona?

有时候，少即是多。谁是史上最伟大的足球运动员？梅西、罗纳尔多、贝利还是马拉多纳？

### Sundar Pichai:

I’m going to make… In this question…

我将要……在这个问题上……

### Lex Fridman:

Is this going to be a political answer, Sundar?

这会是一个政治性的回答吗，桑达尔？

### Sundar Pichai:

I’m not going to lie. I will tell the truthful answer, the truthful
answer.

我不会说谎。我会说出真实的答案，真实的答案。

### Lex Fridman:

So it’s Messi, okay.

所以是梅西，好的。

### Sundar Pichai:

It is. It’s been interesting. Because my son is a big Cristiano Ronaldo
fan, and so we’ve had to watch El Clasicos together with that dynamic in
there. I so admire CR7s. I mean, I’ve never seen an athlete more
committed to that kind of excellence, and so he’s one of the all-time
greats. But for me, Messi is it.

是的。这很有趣。因为我儿子是克里斯蒂亚诺·罗纳尔多的铁杆球迷，所以我们不得不在这种动态下一起观看国家德比。我非常钦佩C罗。我的意思是，我从未见过一个运动员如此致力于追求那种卓越，所以他是史上最伟大的球员之一。但对我来说，梅西就是答案。

### Lex Fridman:

When I see Lionel Messi, you just are in awe that humans are able to
achieve that level of greatness and genius and artistry. We’ll talk
about AI, maybe robotics and this kind of stuff, that level of genius,
I’m not sure you can possibly match by AI in a long time. It’s just an
example of greatness. And you have that kind of greatness in other
disciplines, but in sport, you get to visually see it, unlike anything
else. Just the timing, the movement, there’s just genius.

当我看到莱昂内尔·梅西时，你会惊叹于人类能够达到那种伟大、天才和艺术的水平。我们将讨论人工智能，也许还有机器人之类的东西，但那种级别的天才，我不确定人工智能在很长一段时间内能否匹敌。这只是伟大的一个例子。你在其他领域也能看到这种伟大，但在体育运动中，你可以直观地看到它，这是其他任何事物都无法比拟的。就是那种时机、那种动作，充满了天才。

### Sundar Pichai:

Had the chance to see him a couple of weeks ago. He played in San Jose
against the Quakes, so I went to see the game. I had good seats, knew
where he would play in the second half hopefully. And even at his age,
just watching him when he gets the ball, that movement… You’re right,
that special quality. It’s tough to describe, but you feel it when you
see it, yeah.

几周前我有机会见到了他。他在圣何塞对阵地震队，所以我去看了比赛。我座位很好，知道他下半场大概会在哪个位置踢球。即使以他的年龄，看着他拿到球时的那种动作……你说得对，那种特殊的气质。很难形容，但当你看到时，你就能感觉到。

## 人工智能在人类历史中的影响 (Impact of AI in human history)

### Lex Fridman:

He’s still got it. If we rank all the technological innovations
throughout human history… Let’s go back maybe the history of human
civilizations, 12,000 years ago, and you rank them by how much of a
productivity multiplier they’ve been. We can go to electricity or the
labor mechanization of the Industrial Revolution, or we can go back to
the first Agricultural Revolution 12,000 years ago. In that long list of
inventions, do you think AI… When history is written 1,000 years from
now, do you think it has a chance to be the number one productivity
multiplier?

他宝刀未老。如果我们将人类历史上所有的技术创新进行排名……让我们回到大约12000年前的人类文明史，并根据它们作为生产力倍增器的程度进行排名。我们可以谈到电力或工业革命的劳动机械化，或者回到12000年前的第一次农业革命。在这长长的发明清单中，你认为人工智能……当千年后历史被书写时，它有机会成为头号生产力倍增器吗？

### Sundar Pichai:

It’s a great question. Many years ago, I think it might’ve been 2017 or
2018, I said at the time, AI is the most profound technology humanity
will ever work on. It’ll be more profound than fire or electricity. So,
I have to back myself. I still think that’s the case. When you ask this
question, I was thinking, do we have a recency bias? In sports, it’s
very tempting to call the current person you’re seeing the greatest…
player. Is there a recency bias? I do think, from first principles I
would argue, AI will be bigger than all of those. I didn’t live through
those moments. Two years ago, I had to go through a surgery, and then I
processed that. There was a point in time people didn’t have anesthesia
when they went through these procedures. At that moment, I was like,
that has got to be the greatest invention humanity has ever, ever done.
We don’t know what it is to have lived through those times. Many of what
you’re talking about were this general things, which pretty much
affected everything: electricity or internet, et cetera. But I don’t
think we’ve ever dealt with the technology both which is progressing so
fast, becoming so capable it’s not clear what the ceiling is, and the
main, unique…. It’s recursively self-improving, it’s capable of that.
The fact it is the first technology will dramatically accelerate
creation itself, like creating things, building new things, can improve
and achieve things on its own, I think puts it in a different. So, I
think the impact it’ll end up having will far surpass everything we’ve
seen before. Obviously, with that comes a lot of important things to
think and wrestle with, but I definitely think that’ll end up being the
case.

这是一个很好的问题。很多年前，大概是2017年或2018年，我当时说，人工智能是人类将要从事的最深刻的技术。它将比火或电更深刻。所以，我必须支持自己的观点。我仍然这么认为。当你问这个问题时，我在想，我们是否有“近因偏见”？在体育界，人们很容将当前看到的运动员称为最伟大的……球员。这是否存在近因偏见？我确实认为，从第一性原理出发，人工智能将比所有那些都更重要。我没有经历过那些时代。两年前，我不得不接受一次手术，然后我对此有所体会。曾几何时，人们在接受这些手术时是没有麻醉的。在那一刻，我想，那一定是人类有史以来最伟大的发明。我们不知道生活在那个时代是什么感觉。你提到的很多东西都是普适性的，几乎影响了一切：电力、互联网等等。但我不认为我们曾处理过这样一种技术，它既进步如此之快，能力变得如此之强以至于上限不明，而且其主要、独特之处在于……它是递归式自我改进的，它有这个能力。事实上，它是第一项能极大地加速创造本身的技术，比如创造事物、构建新事物，它能自我改进并实现目标，我认为这使它与众不同。所以，我认为它最终产生的影响将远远超过我们以前见过的任何事物。显然，随之而来的是许多重要的事情需要思考和应对，但我绝对认为最终会是这样。

### Lex Fridman:

Especially if it gets to the point of where we can achieve superhuman
performance on the AI research itself. So, it’s a technology that may…
It’s an open question, but it may be able to achieve a level to where
the technology itself can create itself better than it could yesterday.

特别是如果它能发展到在人工智能研究本身上实现超人表现的程度。所以，这是一项可能……这是一个开放性问题，但它可能达到一个水平，即技术本身能够比昨天更好地创造自己。

### Sundar Pichai:

It’s like the move 37 of Alpha research or whatever it is. You’re right,
when it can do novel, self-directed research. Obviously, for a long time
we’ll have hopefully always humans in the loop and all that stuff. These
are complex questions to talk about. But yes, I think the underlying
technology… I’ve said this, if you watched seeing AlphaGo start from
scratch, be clueless, and become better through the course of a day,
really, it hits you when you see that happen. Even the Veo 3 models, if
you sample the models when they were 30% done and 60% done, and looked
at what they were generating, and you see how it all comes together, I
would say it’s inspiring, a little bit unsettling, as a human. So all of
that is true, I think.

这就像AlphaGo研究中的第37手棋之类的。你说得对，当它能够进行新颖的、自我导向的研究时。显然，在很长一段时间内，我们希望能一直有人类参与其中等等。这些是需要讨论的复杂问题。但是，是的，我认为这项基础技术……我说过，如果你看到AlphaGo从零开始，一无所知，然后在一天之内变得更强，当你看到这一切发生时，真的会感到震撼。即使是Veo
3模型，如果你在它们完成30%和60%时对模型进行采样，看看它们生成的内容，然后看到一切如何融合在一起，我会说，这既鼓舞人心，又有点令人不安，作为一个人类。所以我认为，所有这些都是事实。

### Lex Fridman:

The interesting thing of the Industrial Revolution, electricity, like
you mentioned. You can go back to, again, the first Agricultural
Revolution, there’s what’s called the Neolithic package of the first
Agricultural Revolution. It wasn’t just that the nomads settled down and
started planting food, but all this other kinds of technology was born
from that, and it’s included this package. So, it wasn’t one piece of
technology. There’s these ripple effects, second- and third-order
effects that happen, everything from something profound like pottery, it
can store liquids and food, to something we take for granted: social
hierarchies and political hierarchies. Early government was formed.
Because it turns out if humans stop moving and have some surplus food,
they get bored and they start coming up with interesting systems. And
then trade emerges, which turns out to be a really profound thing, and
like I said, government. Second- and third-order effects from that,
including that package, is incredible and probably extremely difficult.
If you ask one of the people in the nomadic tribes to predict that, it
would be impossible, and it’s difficult to predict. But all that said,
what do you think are some of the early things we might see in the,
quote, unquote, “AI package”?

工业革命、电力，正如你提到的，这些都很有趣。你也可以追溯到第一次农业革命，有所谓的“新石器时代包”（Neolithic
package）。这不仅仅是游牧民族定居下来开始种植食物，而是所有其他种类的技术都由此诞生，并包含在这个包里。所以，它不是单一的技术。它带来了连锁反应，二阶和三阶效应，从像陶器这样深刻的东西——可以储存液体和食物，到我们习以为常的东西：社会等级和政治等级。早期的政府就是这样形成的。因为事实证明，如果人类停止迁徙并拥有一些剩余食物，他们会感到无聊，并开始想出有趣的系统。然后贸易出现了，这
оказалось非常深刻的事情，还有我说的政府。由此产生的二阶和三阶效应，包括那个包，是不可思议的，而且可能极其难以预测。如果你问一个游牧部落的人去预测，那是不可能的，而且也很难预测。但说了这么多，你认为我们在所谓的“AI包”中可能会看到哪些早期迹象？

### Sundar Pichai:

Most of it probably we don’t know today, but the one thing which we can
tangibly start seeing now is… Obviously with the coding progress, you
got a sense of it. It’s going to be so easy to imagine… Thoughts in your
head, translating that into things that exist. That’ll be part of the
package. It’s going to empower almost all of humanity to express
themselves. Maybe in the past you could have expressed with words, but
you could build things into existence. Maybe not fully today, we are at
the early stages of vibe coding. I’ve been amazed at what people have
put out online with Veo 3. But it takes a bit of work, you have to
stitch together a set of prompts. But all this is going to get better.
The thing I always think: this is the worst it’ll ever be, at any given
moment in time.

今天我们可能还不知道大部分内容，但有一件事我们现在已经可以切实地看到……显然，随着编程的进步，你已经有所体会。将脑中的想法转化为现实存在的事物，将会变得非常容易。这将是那个“包”的一部分。它将赋予几乎全人类表达自我的能力。也许在过去，你只能用语言来表达，但未来你可以将事物构建出来。也许今天还不能完全实现，我们还处于“氛围编程”（vibe
coding）的早期阶段。我被人们用Veo
3在网上发布的作品所震撼。但这需要一些工作，你必须将一系列提示拼接在一起。但所有这些都会变得更好。我总是想：在任何给定的时刻，这都是它最差的状态。

### Lex Fridman:

It’s interesting you went there as a first thought: an exponential
increase of access to creativity.

有趣的是，你首先想到的是：创造力获取渠道的指数级增长。

### Lex Fridman:

I think the big thing is that it makes it accessible. It unlocks the
cognitive capabilities of the entire 8 billion.

我认为最重要的是它让一切变得触手可及。它释放了全部80亿人的认知能力。

### Sundar Pichai:

I agree. Think about 40 years ago, maybe in the US there were five
people who could do what you were doing. Go do a interview… But today,
think about, with YouTube and other products, et cetera, how many more
people are doing it. I think this is what technology does. When the
internet created blogs, you heard from so many more people. But with AI,
I think that number won’t be in the few hundreds of thousands. It’ll be
tens of millions of people, maybe even a billion people putting out
things into the world in a deeper way.

我同意。想想40年前，也许在美国只有五个人能做你现在做的事。去做个采访……但今天，想想看，有了YouTube和其他产品等等，有多少更多的人在做这件事。我认为这就是科技的作用。当互联网创造了博客，你听到了更多人的声音。但有了人工智能，我认为这个数字将不再是几十万。它将是数千万人，甚至可能是十亿人，以更深刻的方式向世界发布东西。

### Lex Fridman:

And I think it’ll change the landscape of creativity. And it makes a lot
of people nervous. For example, whatever, Fox, MSNBC, CNN are really
nervous about this podcast. You mean this dude in a suit could just do
this? And YouTube and thousands of others, tens of thousands, millions
of other creators can do the same kind of thing? That makes them
nervous. And now you get a podcast from Notebook LM that’s about five to
10 times better than any podcast I’ve ever done.

我认为这将改变创造力的格局。这让很多人感到紧张。例如，福克斯、MSNBC、CNN等媒体都对这个播客感到非常紧张。你的意思是，这个穿着西装的家伙就能做这个？而YouTube和成千上万、数以百万计的其他创作者也能做同样的事情？这让他们感到紧张。现在，你甚至可以从Notebook
LM获得一个比我做过的任何播客都好上五到十倍的播客。

### Sundar Pichai:

Not true, but yeah.

不真实，但是的。

### Lex Fridman:

I’m joking at this time, but maybe not. And that changes. You have to
evolve. On the podcasting front, I’m a fan of podcasts much more than I
am a fan of being a host or whatever. If there’s great podcasts that are
both AIs, I’ll just stop doing this podcast. I’ll listen to that
podcast. But you have to evolve and you have to change, and that makes
people really nervous, I think. But it’s also really exciting future.

我
сейчас开玩笑，但也许不是。这会改变一切。你必须进化。在播客方面，我更像是一个播客迷，而不是一个主持人。如果出现了由人工智能主持的优秀播客，我就会停止做这个播客，去听那个。但你必须进化和改变，这让人们感到非常紧张，我认为。但这也是一个非常令人兴奋的未来。

### Sundar Pichai:

The one thing I may say is, I do think in a world in which there are two
AI, I think people value and choose… Just like in chess, you and I would
never watch Stockfish 10 or whatever and AlphaGo play against each… It
would be boring for us to watch. But Magnus Carlsen and Gukesh, that
game would be much more fascinating to watch. So, it’s tough to say. One
way to say is you’ll have a lot more content, and so you will be
listening to AI-generated content because sometimes it’s efficient, et
cetera. But the premium experiences you value might be a version of the
human essence wherever it comes through. Going back to what we talked
earlier about watching Messi dribble the ball, I don’t know, one day I’m
sure a machine will dribble much better than Messi. But I don’t know
whether it would evoke that same emotion in us, so I think that’ll be
fascinating to see.

我想说的一点是，我确实认为在一个存在两种人工智能的世界里，人们会重视并选择……就像在国际象棋中，你和我永远不会去看Stockfish
10或别的什么与AlphaGo对弈……对我们来说会很无聊。但马格努斯·卡尔森和古克什的比赛，观看会更有趣。所以，这很难说。一种说法是，你将会有更多的内容，所以你会听AI生成的内容，因为有时它很高效等等。但你所珍视的优质体验，可能是一种无论以何种形式出现的“人性”的体现。回到我们之前谈论的看梅西带球，我不知道，总有一天我确信机器会比梅西带球带得好得多。但我不知道那是否会唤起我们同样的感情，所以我觉得这将是一个值得期待的有趣景象。

### Lex Fridman:

I think the element of podcasting or audio books that is about
information gathering, that part might be removed, or that might be more
efficiently and in a compelling way done by AI. But then it’ll be just
nice to hear humans struggle with the information, contend with the
information, try to internalize it, combine it with the complexity of
our own emotions and consciousness and all that kind of stuff. But if
you actually want to find out about a piece of history, you go to
Gemini. If you want to see Lex struggle with that history, or other
humans, you look at that. The point is, it’s going to continue to change
the nature of how we discover information, how we consume the
information, how we create that information, the same way that YouTube
changed everything completely. It changed the news. And that’s something
our society’s struggling with.

我认为播客或有声读物中关于信息收集的部分，可能会被移除，或者由人工智能以更高效、更引人入胜的方式完成。但之后，听人类与信息斗争，处理信息，试图内化它，并将其与我们自身复杂的情感、意识等结合起来，将会是一件很有趣的事。但如果你真的想了解一段历史，你会去问Gemini。如果你想看Lex或其他人类如何与那段历史斗争，你就会去看那个。关键在于，它将继续改变我们发现信息、消费信息、创造信息的方式，就像YouTube彻底改变了一切一样。它改变了新闻。而这是我们社会正在努力应对的问题。

### Sundar Pichai:

YouTube enabled… You know this better than anyone else. It’s enabled so
many creators. There is no doubt in me that we will enable more
filmmakers than have ever been. You’re going to empower a lot more
people. So I think there is an expansionary aspect of this, which is
underestimated, I think. I think it’ll unleash human creativity in a way
that hasn’t been seen before. It’s tough to internalize. The only way is
if you brought someone from the ’50s or ’40s and just put them in front
of YouTube, I think it would blow their mind away. Similarly, I think we
would get blown away by what’s possible in a 10- to 20-year timeframe.

YouTube赋能了……你比任何人都清楚这一点。它赋能了如此多的创作者。我毫不怀疑，我们将赋能比以往任何时候都多的电影制作人。你将赋能更多的人。所以我认为，这其中有一个扩张性的方面，我认为被低估了。我认为它将以前所未有的方式释放人类的创造力。这很难内化。唯一的方法是，如果你把一个来自50年代或40年代的人带到YouTube面前，我认为那会让他大吃一惊。同样，我认为在10到20年的时间里，我们将被可能实现的一切所震撼。

### Lex Fridman:

Do you think there’s a future? How many years out is it that, let’s say…
Let’s put a marker on it… 50% of good content is generated by Veo 4, 5,
6?

你认为未来会是怎样？多少年后，比如说……让我们设定一个目标……50%的优质内容会由Veo
4、5、6代生成？

### Sundar Pichai:

I think it depends on what it is for. Maybe if you look at movies today
with CGI, there are great filmmakers. You still look at who the
directors are and who use it. There are filmmakers who don’t use it at
all. You value that. There are people who use it incredibly. Think about
somebody like a James Cameron, like what he would do with these tools in
his hands. But I think there’ll be a lot more content created. Just like
writers today use Google Docs and not think about the fact that they’re
using a tool like that, people will be using the future versions of
these things. It won’t be a big deal at all to them.

我认为这取决于内容的用途。也许如果你看看今天使用CGI的电影，你会发现有很多伟大的电影制作人。你仍然会关注导演是谁，以及谁在使用这些技术。有些电影制作人根本不用它，你也会珍视这一点。也有些人用得非常出色。想想詹姆斯·卡梅隆这样的人，如果他手中有这些工具，他会做出什么。但我认为会有更多的内容被创造出来。就像今天的作家使用谷歌文档，而不会去想他们正在使用这样一个工具一样，未来人们也会使用这些东西的未来版本。对他们来说，这根本不是什么大事。

## Veo 3与视频的未来 (Veo 3 and future of video)

### Lex Fridman:

I’ve gotten a chance to get to know Darren Aronofsky. He’s been really
leaning in and trying to figure out… It’s fun to watch a genius who came
up before any of this was even remotely possible. He created Pi, one of
my favorite movies. And from there, he just continued to create a really
interesting variety of movies. And now he’s trying to see how can AI be
used to create compelling films. You have people like that. You have
people I’ve gotten just to know, edgier folks, they are AI firsts, like
Dor Brothers. Both Aronofsky and Dor Brothers create at the edge of the
Overton window society. They push, whether it’s sexuality or violence.
It’s edgy, like artists are, but it’s still classy. It doesn’t cross
that line. Whatever that line is. Hunter S. Thompson has this line, “The
only way to find out where the edge, where the line is, is by crossing
it.” And I think for artists, that’s true. That’s their purpose
sometimes. Comedians and artists just cross that line. I wonder if you
can comment on the weird place that it puts Google. Because Google’s
line is probably different than some of these artists. How do you think
about, specifically Veo and Flow, how to allow artists to do crazy shit,
but also the responsibility for it not to be too crazy?

我有机会认识了达伦·阿伦诺夫斯基。他一直在积极探索……看着一个在这一切都还遥不可及之前就成名的天才，是很有趣的。他创作了《π》，我最喜欢的电影之一。从那以后，他不断创作出各种非常有趣的电影。现在，他正在尝试如何利用人工智能来创作引人入胜的电影。有这样的人。我也认识一些更前卫的人，他们是人工智能的原住民，比如多尔兄弟。阿伦诺夫斯基和多尔兄弟都在社会“奥弗顿之窗”的边缘进行创作。他们推动界限，无论是性还是暴力。这很前卫，就像艺术家一样，但仍然有格调。它没有越过那条线。无论那条线是什么。亨特·S·汤普森有句话：“找到边缘，找到界限的唯一方法就是跨越它。”我认为对艺术家来说，这是真的。这有时是他们的目的。喜剧演员和艺术家就是跨越那条线。我想知道你是否可以评论一下这给谷歌带来的尴尬处境。因为谷歌的底线可能与这些艺术家不同。你如何看待，特别是Veo和Flow，如何允许艺术家做疯狂的事情，但同时又要负责任，不能太过疯狂？

### Sundar Pichai:

It’s a great question. You mentioned Darren. He’s a clear visionary.
Part of the reason we started working with him early on Veo is, he’s one
of those people who’s able to see that future, get inspired by it, and
showing the way for how creative people can express themselves with it.
I think when it comes to allowing artistic free expression… It’s one of
the most important values in a society, I think. Artists have always
been the ones to push boundaries, expand the frontiers of thought. I
think that’s going to be an important value we have, so I think we will
provide tools and put it in the hands of artists for them to use and put
out their work. Those APIs, I almost think of that as infrastructure.
Just like when you provide electricity to people or something, you want
them to use it, and you’re not thinking about the use cases on top of
it.

这是一个很好的问题。你提到了达伦。他是一位明确的远见卓识者。我们早期在Veo项目上与他合作的部分原因在于，他是那种能够看到未来、并从中获得灵感的人，他为创意人士如何用这项技术表达自我指明了方向。我认为，当谈到允许艺术自由表达时……我认为这是社会中最重要的价值观之一。艺术家总是那些推动边界、拓展思想前沿的人。我认为这将是我们拥有的一个重要价值观，所以我们会提供工具，并将其交到艺术家手中，让他们使用并发布他们的作品。那些API，我几乎把它们看作是基础设施。就像你为人们提供电力或其他东西一样，你希望他们使用它，而不会去考虑顶层的应用场景。

### Lex Fridman:

It’s a paintbrush.

这是一支画笔。

### Sundar Pichai:

Yeah. So, I think that’s how. Obviously, there have to be some things.
And society needs to decide at a fundamental level what’s okay, what’s
not, will be responsible with it. But I do think when it comes to
artistic free expression, I think that’s one of those values we should
work hard to defend.

是的。所以，我认为就是这样。显然，必须有一些限制。社会需要在根本层面上决定什么是可以的，什么是不可以的，并且要负责任地使用它。但我确实认为，当涉及到艺术自由表达时，我认为这是我们应该努力捍卫的价值观之一。

### Lex Fridman:

I wonder if you can comment on maybe earlier versions of Gemini were a
little bit careful on the kind of things it’d be willing to answer. I
just want to comment on I was really surprised, and pleasantly
surprised, and enjoy the fact that Gemini 2.5 Pro is a lot less careful,
in a good sense. Don’t ask me why, but I’ve been doing a lot of research
on Genghis Khan and the Aztecs, so there’s a lot of violence there in
that history. It’s a very violent history. I’ve also been doing a lot of
research on World War I and World War II. Earlier versions of Gemini
were very… Basically this sense, are you sure you want to learn about
this. And now, it’s actually very factual, objective, talks about very
difficult parts of human history, and does so with nuance and depth.
It’s been really nice. But there’s a line there that I guess Google has
to walk. And it’s also an engineering challenge how to do that at scale
across all the weird queries that people ask. Can you just speak to that
challenge? How do you allow Gemini to say… Again, forgive, pardon my
French… crazy shit, but not too crazy?

我想知道您是否可以评论一下，也许早期版本的Gemini在回答问题方面有点谨慎。我只想说，我非常惊讶，并且是惊喜地发现，Gemini
2.5
Pro在某种程度上不那么小心翼翼了，这是件好事。别问我为什么，但我最近一直在研究成吉思汗和阿兹特克人，所以那段历史中有很多暴力。那是一段非常暴力的历史。我也在研究第一次世界大战和第二次世界大战。早期版本的Gemini非常……基本上是这种感觉，“你确定要了解这个吗？”而现在，它实际上非常
factual、客观，谈论人类历史上非常艰难的部分，并且做得有细微差别和深度。这真的很好。但我想谷歌必须把握一条界限。而且，如何在所有奇怪的查询中大规模地做到这一点，也是一个工程挑战。您能谈谈这个挑战吗？您如何让Gemini说出……请原谅我的粗俗……疯狂但又不太疯狂的话？

### Sundar Pichai:

I think one of the good insights here has been as the models are getting
more capable, the models are really good at this stuff. And so I think
in some ways, maybe a year ago, the models weren’t fully there, so they
would also do stupid things more often. So you’re trying to handle those
edge cases, but then you make a mistake in how you handle those edge
cases and it compounds. But I think with 2.5, what we particularly found
is once the models cross a certain level of intelligence and
sophistication, they are able to reason through these nuanced issues
pretty well. And I think users really want that. You want as much access
to the raw model as possible. I think it’s a great area to think about.
Over time, we should allow more and more closer access to it. Obviously,
let people custom prompts if they wanted to and experiment with it, et
cetera. I think that’s an important direction. The first principles we
want to think about it is, from a scientific standpoint, making sure the
models… And I’m saying scientific in the sense of how you would approach
math or physics or something like that. From first principles, having
the models reason about the world, be nuanced, et cetera, from the
ground up is the right way to build these things, not some subset of
humans hard-coding things on top of it. I think it’s the direction we’ve
been taking and I think you’ll see us continue to push in that
direction.

我认为这里一个很好的见解是，随着模型变得越来越强大，它们在这方面做得非常出色。所以我认为，在某些方面，也许一年前，模型还没有完全成熟，所以它们也更常做一些愚蠢的事情。因此，你试图处理那些边缘情况，但随后你在处理这些边缘情况时犯了错误，这会加剧问题。但我认为，对于2.5版本，我们特别发现，一旦模型达到了一定的智能和复杂程度，它们就能很好地推理这些细微的问题。我认为用户真的想要这个。你希望尽可能多地访问原始模型。我认为这是一个值得思考的好领域。随着时间的推移，我们应该允许越来越近地访问它。显然，如果人们想的话，可以让他们自定义提示并进行实验等等。我认为这是一个重要的方向。我们想要思考的第一性原理是，从科学的角度来看，确保模型……我说的科学是指你处理数学或物理学之类问题的方式。从第一性原理出发，让模型从头开始推理世界、具有细微差别等，是构建这些东西的正确方式，而不是让一小部分人硬编码东西在上面。我认为这是我们一直在采取的方向，我认为你会看到我们继续朝这个方向努力。

### Lex Fridman:

I took extensive notes and I gave them to Gemini and said, “Can you ask
a novel question that’s not in these notes?”, and it wrote… Gemini
continues to really surprise me, really surprise me. It’s been really
beautiful. It’s an incredible model. The question it generated was,
“You…”, meaning Sundar, “… told the world Gemini is churning out 480
trillion tokens a month. What’s the most life-changing, five-word
sentence hiding in that haystack?”. That’s a Gemini question. I don’t
think you can answer that, but it woke me up to all of these tokens are
providing little aha moments for people across the globe. So, that’s
like learning. Those tokens are people are curious, they ask a question
and they find something out, and it truly could be life-changing.

我做了大量的笔记，然后把它们交给了Gemini，说：“你能问一个这些笔记里没有的新问题吗？”，然后它写道……Gemini继续让我感到非常惊讶，非常惊讶。它真的很美。这是一个不可思议的模型。它生成的问题是：“你……”，指的是桑达尔，“……告诉世界Gemini每月产出480万亿个token。藏在那个草堆里最能改变人生的五个词的句子是什么？”这是一个Gemini的问题。我不认为你能回答那个问题，但它让我意识到，所有这些token都在为全球各地的人们提供着小小的“啊哈”时刻。所以，这就像学习。那些token是人们好奇心的体现，他们提出问题，然后发现一些东西，这真的可能改变人生。

### Sundar Pichai:

Oh, it is. I had the same feeling about Search many, many years ago.
These tokens per month has grown 50 times in the last 12 months. Is that
accurate, by the way? The 4… Yeah, it is. It is. It is accurate. I’m
glad it got it right. But that number was 9.7 trillion tokens per month,
12 months ago. It’s gone up to 480. It’s a 50x… right, it’s gone up to
480, it’s a 50 X increase. So there’s no limit to human curiosity. And I
think it’s one of those moments, I don’t think it is there today, but
maybe one day there’s a five word phrase which says what the actual
universe is or something like that and something very meaningful, but I
don’t think we are quite there yet.

哦，是的。很多年前，我对搜索也有同样的感觉。过去12个月里，每月处理的token数量增长了50倍。顺便问一下，这个数字准确吗？那个4……是的，准确。非常准确。我很高兴它算对了。但12个月前，这个数字是每月9.7万亿个token。现在已经增长到480。这是一个50倍的增长……对，增长到480，是50倍的增长。所以人类的好奇心是没有极限的。我认为这是这样一个时刻，虽然今天还没到，但也许有一天会有一个五个词的短语，能说明宇宙的本质或者其他非常有意义的东西，但我认为我们还没到那一步。

## 扩展定律 (Scaling laws)

### Lex Fridman:

Do you think the scaling laws are holding strong on, there’s a lot of
ways to describe the scaling laws for AI, but on the pre-training, on
post-training fronts, so the flip side of that, do you anticipate AI
progress will hit a wall? Is there a wall?

你认为扩展定律在……有很多方式来描述人工智能的扩展定律，但在预训练和后训练方面，它们是否仍然有效？反过来说，你是否预见人工智能的进步会撞到一堵墙？是否存在一堵墙？

### Sundar Pichai:

It’s a cherished micro kitchen conversation, once in a while I have it,
like when Demis is visiting or if Demis, Koray, Jeff, Norm, Sergey, a
bunch of our people, we sit and talk about this. Look, we see a lot of
headroom ahead, I think. We’ve been able to optimize and improve on all
fronts, pre-training, post-training, test time compute, tool use, over
time, making these more agentic. So getting these models to be more
general world models in that direction. Like Veo 3, the physics
understanding is dramatically better than what Veo 1 or something like
that was. So you kind of see on all those dimensions, I feel progress is
very obvious to see and I feel like there is significant headroom. More
importantly, I’m fortunate to work with some of the best researchers on
the planet, they think there is more headroom to be had here. And so I
think we have an exciting trajectory ahead. It’s tougher to say… Each
year I sit and say, okay, we are going to throw 10 X more compute over
the course of next year at it and will we see progress? Sitting here
today, I feel like the year ahead will have a lot of progress.

这是一个我偶尔会进行的珍贵的“微型厨房”对话，比如当德米斯来访时，或者当德米斯、科雷、杰夫、诺姆、谢尔盖等一群我们的人坐下来谈论这个话题时。你看，我认为我们前面还有很大的发展空间。我们已经能够在所有方面进行优化和改进，包括预训练、后训练、测试时计算、工具使用，并随着时间的推移，使这些模型更具智能体性。从而使这些模型朝着更通用的世界模型方向发展。比如Veo
3，其物理理解能力比Veo
1之类的模型要好得多。所以你可以看到，在所有这些维度上，我觉得进步是显而易见的，而且我认为还有巨大的发展空间。更重要的是，我很幸运能与地球上一些最优秀的研究人员合作，他们认为这里还有更多的发展空间。所以我认为我们未来会有一个令人兴奋的轨迹。很难说……每年我都会坐下来说，好吧，明年我们将投入10倍的计算资源，我们能看到进展吗？今天坐在这里，我觉得未来一年会有很大的进步。

### Lex Fridman:

And do you feel any limitations like the bottlenecks, compute limited,
data limited, idea limited, do you feel any of those limitations or is
it full steam ahead on all fronts?

你是否感觉到任何限制，比如瓶颈、计算受限、数据受限、创意受限？你感觉到这些限制了吗，还是说所有方面都在全速前进？

### Sundar Pichai:

I think it’s compute limited in this sense, part of the reason you’ve
seen us do Flash, Nano Flash and Pro models, but not an Ultra model,
it’s like for each generation we feel like we’ve been able to get the
Pro model at, I don’t know, 80, 90% of Ultra’s capability, but Ultra
would be a lot more slow and lot more expensive to serve. But what we’ve
been able to do is to go to the next generation and make the next
generation’s Pro as good as the previous generation’s Ultra, but be able
to serve it in a way that it’s fast and you can use it and so on. So I
do think scaling laws are working, but it’s tough to get, at any given
time, the models we all use the most, this maybe a few months behind the
maximum capability we can deliver because that won’t be the fastest,
easiest to use, et cetera.

我认为在这个意义上，它受计算限制。你看到我们发布了Flash、Nano
Flash和Pro模型，但没有Ultra模型，部分原因就在于此。就像每一代产品，我们感觉Pro模型已经能达到Ultra能力的80%、90%，但Ultra会慢得多，服务成本也高得多。但我们所做的是，进入下一代，让下一代的Pro模型和上一代的Ultra一样好，但能够以快速、易用的方式提供服务。所以我确实认为扩展定律是有效的，但在任何特定时间，我们最常使用的模型，可能比我们能提供的最大能力落后几个月，因为那不是最快、最易用的，等等。

### Lex Fridman:

Also, that’s in terms of intelligence, it becomes harder and harder to
measure ” performance” because you could argue Gemini Flash is much more
impactful than Pro just because of the latency, it’s super intelligent
already. I mean sometimes latency is maybe more important than
intelligence, especially when the intelligence is just a little bit less
and Flash not, it’s still incredibly smart model. And so you have to now
start measuring impact and then it feels like benchmarks are less and
less capable of capturing the intelligence of models, the effectiveness
of models, the usefulness, the real world usefulness, of models.

此外，就智能而言，衡量“性能”变得越来越困难，因为你可以说Gemini
Flash比Pro更有影响力，仅仅是因为延迟。它已经非常智能了。我的意思是，有时延迟可能比智能更重要，特别是当智能只差一点点时，而Flash仍然是一个非常聪明的模型。所以现在你必须开始衡量影响，然后感觉基准测试越来越无法捕捉到模型的智能、模型的有效性、模型的用处，即模型的真实世界用处。

## AGI与ASI (AGI and ASI)

### Lex Fridman:

Another kitchen question. So lots of folks are talking about timelines
for AGI or ASI, artificial super intelligence. So AGI loosely defined is
basically human expert level at a lot of the main fields of pursuit for
humans. And then ASI is what AGI becomes, presumably quickly, by being
able to self-improve. So becoming far superior in intelligence across
all these disciplines than humans. When do you think we’ll have AGI?
It’s 2030 a possibility?

又一个厨房问题。很多人在讨论AGI或ASI（人工超智能）的时间表。AGI的广义定义基本上是在人类追求的许多主要领域达到人类专家水平。而ASI则是AGI通过自我提升，大概很快就会变成的样子。也就是说，在所有这些学科上，其智能都远超人类。你认为我们什么时候能拥有AGI？2030年有可能吗？

### Sundar Pichai:

There’s one other term we should throw in there. I don’t know who used
it first, maybe Karpathy did, AJI. Have you heard AJI, the artificial
jagged intelligence? Sometimes feels that way, both their progress and
you see what they can do and then you can trivially find they make
numerical errors or counting R’s in strawberry or something, which seems
to trip up most models or whatever it is. So maybe we should throw that
term in there. I feel like we are in the AJI phase where dramatic
progress, some things don’t work well, but overall you’re seeing lots of
progress. But if your question is will it happen by 2030? Look, we
constantly move the line of what it means to be AGI. There are moments
today like sitting in a Waymo in a San Francisco street with all the
crowds and the people and work its way through, I see glimpses of it
there. The car is sometimes impatient, trying to work its way using
Astra like in Gemini Live or asking questions about the world. You see
glimpses, that’s why use the word AJI because then you see stuff which
obviously we are far from AGI too, so you have both experiences
simultaneously happening to you. I’ll answer your question, but I’ll
also throw out this. I almost feel the term doesn’t matter, what I know
is by 2030 there’ll be such dramatic progress. We’ll be dealing with the
consequences of that progress, both the positive externalities and the
negative externalities that come with it in a big way by 2030. So that I
strongly feel. Whatever, we may be arguing about the term or maybe
Gemini can answer what that moment is in time in 2030, but I think the
progress will be dramatic. So that I believe in. Will the AI think it
has reached AGI by 2030? I would say we will just fall short of that
timeline, so I think it’ll take a bit longer. It’s amazing, in the early
days of Google DeepMind in 2010, they talked about a 20-year timeframe
to achieve AGI, which is kind of fascinating to see, but for me, the
whole thing, seeing what Google Brain did in 2012, and when we acquired
DeepMind in 2014, right close to where we are sitting, in 2012, Jeff
Dean showed the image of when the neural networks could recognize a
picture of a cat and identify it. This is the early versions of Brain.
And so we all talked about couple decades. I don’t think we’ll quite get
there by 2030, so my sense is it’s slightly after that, but I would
stress it doesn’t matter what that definition is because you will have
mind-blowing progress on many dimensions. Maybe AI can create videos. We
have to figure out as a society, we need some system by which we all
agree that this is AI-generated and we have to disclose it in a certain
way because how do you distinguish reality otherwise? And I think shadcn
Tweeted that Google is just one great UI from completely winning the AI
race, meaning UI is a huge part of it. How that intelligence, I think
the project likes to talk about this right now, it’s an LLM, but when is
it going to become a system where you’re talking about shipping systems
versus shipping a particular model? Yeah, that matters too, how the
system manifests itself and how it presents itself to the world. That
really, really matters

我们还应该再加一个术语。我不知道是谁先用的，也许是Karpathy，AJI。你听说过AJI吗，人工参差智能（Artificial
Jagged
Intelligence）？有时感觉就是这样，它们的进步和你能看到它们能做什么，然后你又可以轻而易举地发现它们犯了数字错误，或者数草莓中的R字母之类的，这似乎难倒了大多数模型。所以也许我们应该把这个术语加进去。我觉得我们正处于AJI阶段，取得了巨大的进步，有些事情做得不好，但总体上你看到了很多进步。但如果你的问题是到2030年会不会实现？你看，我们不断地移动AGI的定义界限。今天有些时刻，比如坐在旧金山街头的Waymo里，周围都是人群，它穿行其中，我看到了AGI的影子。这辆车有时会不耐烦，试图用像Gemini
Live中的Astra那样的技术，或者问关于世界的问题来找到出路。你看到了一些影子，这就是为什么我用AJI这个词，因为接着你又会看到一些显然离AGI还很远的东西，所以你同时经历了两种体验。我会回答你的问题，但我也要提出这一点。我几乎觉得这个术语不重要，我所知道的是，到2030年会有如此巨大的进步。到2030年，我们将大规模地应对这种进步带来的后果，包括积极的外部性和消极的外部性。这一点我深信不疑。无论如何，我们可能在争论这个术语，或者也许Gemini能在2030年回答那个时刻是什么，但我认为进步将是巨大的。这一点我相信。到2030年，人工智能会认为它已经达到了AGI吗？我会说我们会稍微错过那个时间线，所以我认为会需要更长一点的时间。这很神奇，在2010年Google
DeepMind的早期，他们谈到了一个20年的时间框架来实现AGI，这看起来有点迷人。但对我来说，整个事情，看到2012年Google
Brain所做的，以及2014年我们收购DeepMind时，就在我们坐的地方附近，2012年，Jeff
Dean展示了神经网络能够识别并辨认出一张猫的图片。这是Brain的早期版本。所以我们都谈论了几十年。我认为我们到2030年还不会完全达到，所以我的感觉是会稍晚一些，但我想强调的是，那个定义是什么并不重要，因为你将在许多维度上取得令人难以置信的进步。也许人工智能可以创作视频。我们作为一个社会必须想出办法，我们需要一个系统，让所有人都同意这是人工智能生成的，并且我们必须以某种方式披露它，因为否则你如何区分现实？我认为shadcn发推文说，谷歌离完全赢得人工智能竞赛只差一个伟大的用户界面，这意味着用户界面是其中非常重要的一部分。那种智能，我认为这个项目现在喜欢谈论这个，它是一个LLM，但它什么时候会变成一个系统，你谈论的是发布系统而不是发布一个特定的模型？是的，那也很重要，系统如何表现自己，如何向世界展示自己。那真的，真的很重要。

### Sundar Pichai:

Oh, hugely so. There are simple UI innovations which have changed the
world and I absolutely think so. We will see a lot more progress in the
next couple of years as I think AI itself on a self-improving track for
UI itself. Today, we are constraining the models, the models can’t quite
express themselves in terms of the UI to people. But if you think about
it, we’ve kind of boxed them in that way, but given these models can
code, they should be able to write the best interfaces to express their
ideas over time.

哦，非常重要。一些简单的用户界面创新改变了世界，我绝对这么认为。未来几年我们会看到更多进展，因为我认为人工智能本身正在用户界面方面走上一条自我改进的道路。今天，我们限制了模型，模型无法通过用户界面充分向人们表达自己。但如果你仔细想想，我们是以那种方式把它们框起来了，但鉴于这些模型可以编码，它们应该能够随着时间的推移，编写出最好的界面来表达它们的想法。

### Lex Fridman:

That is an incredible idea. So the API is already open, so you create a
really nice agentic system that continuously improves the way you can be
talking to an AI. But a lot of that is the interface. And then of course
the incredible multimodal aspect of the interface that Google has been
pushing.

那是一个不可思议的想法。所以API已经开放，你创建了一个非常好的智能体系统，它能不断改进你与人工智能对话的方式。但这其中很大一部分是界面。当然，还有谷歌一直在推动的令人难以置信的多模态界面。

### Sundar Pichai:

These models are natively multimodal. They can easily take content from
any format, put it in any format, they can write a good user interface,
they probably understand your preferences better over time. And so all
this is the evolution ahead. And so that goes back to where we started
the conversation, I think there’ll be dramatic evolutions in the years
ahead.

这些模型天生就是多模态的。它们可以轻松地从任何格式中获取内容，并将其转换为任何格式，它们可以编写出色的用户界面，随着时间的推移，它们可能会更好地理解你的偏好。所有这些都是未来的发展方向。这又回到了我们开始谈话的地方，我认为未来几年将会有巨大的演变。

## P(毁灭) (P(doom))

### Lex Fridman:

Maybe one more kitchen question. This even further ridiculous concept of
p(doom). So the philosophically minded folks in the AI community, think
about the probability that AGI and then ASI might destroy all of human
civilization. I would say my p(doom) is about 10%. Do you ever think
about this kind of long-term threat of ASI and what would your p(doom)
be?

也许再问一个厨房问题。这个更荒谬的概念是“毁灭概率”（p(doom)）。人工智能社区中那些有哲学头脑的人，思考AGI然后是ASI可能摧毁整个人类文明的概率。我会说我的毁灭概率大约是10%。你是否曾思考过ASI这种长期威胁，你的毁灭概率会是多少？

### Sundar Pichai:

Look, I mean for sure. Look, I’ve both been very excited about AI, but
I’ve always felt this is a technology you have to actively think about
the risks and work very, very hard to harness it in a way that it all
works out well. On the p(doom) question, look, it wouldn’t surprise you
to say that’s probably another micro kitchen conversation that pops up
once in a while. And given how powerful the technology is maybe stepping
back, when you’re running a large organization, if you can align the
incentives of the organization, you can achieve pretty much anything. If
you can get people all marching towards a goal, in a very focused way,
in a mission-driven way, you can pretty much achieve anything. But it’s
very tough to organize all of humanity that way. But I think if p(doom)
is actually high, at some point, all of humanity is aligned in making
sure that’s not the case. And so we’ll actually make more progress
against it, I think. So the irony is, so there is a self-modulating
aspect there. I think if humanity collectively puts their mind to
solving a problem, whatever, it is, I think we can get there. So because
of that, I think I’m optimistic on the p(doom) scenarios, I think the
underlying risk is actually pretty high, but I have a lot of faith in
humanity kind of rising up to meet that moment.

当然。你看，我一直对人工智能非常兴奋，但我也一直觉得，这是一种你必须积极思考其风险，并非常、非常努力地去驾驭它的技术，以确保一切都能顺利发展。关于“毁灭概率”的问题，你看，说这可能是另一个偶尔出现的微型厨房对话，你不会感到惊讶。鉴于这项技术是如此强大，或许退一步看，当你管理一个大型组织时，如果你能统一组织的激励机制，你几乎可以实现任何事情。如果你能让所有人都朝着一个目标，以一种非常专注、以使命为导向的方式前进，你几乎可以实现任何事情。但要以这种方式组织全人类是非常困难的。但我认为，如果“毁灭概率”真的很高，那么在某个时刻，全人类都会联合起来确保这种情况不会发生。因此，我认为我们实际上会在这方面取得更多进展。所以讽刺的是，这里存在一个自我调节的方面。我认为，如果人类集体下定决心解决一个问题，无论是什么问题，我们都能做到。因此，我对“毁灭概率”的情景持乐观态度，但我认为潜在的风险其实相当高，但我对人类能够挺身而出迎接那一刻抱有很大信心。

### Lex Fridman:

That’s really, really, well put. I mean, as the threat becomes more
concrete and real, humans do really come together and get their shit
together. Well, the other thing I think people don’t often talk about is
probability of doom without AI. So there’s all these other ways that
humans can destroy themselves and it’s very possible, at least I believe
so, that AI will help us become smarter, kinder to each other, more
efficient. It’ll help more parts of the world flourish where it wouldn’t
be less resource constrained, which is often the source of military
conflict and tensions and so on. So we also have to load into that,
what’s the p(doom) without AI? p(doom) with AI, p(doom) without AI,
because it’s very possible that AI will be the thing that saves us,
saves human civilizations from all the other threats.

说得非常、非常好。我的意思是，当威胁变得越来越具体和真实时，人类确实会团结起来，把事情做好。嗯，另一件我认为人们不常谈论的事情是，没有人工智能的毁灭概率。所以，人类还有所有其他方式可以自我毁灭，而且很有可能，至少我这么认为，人工智能将帮助我们变得更聪明、对彼此更友善、更高效。它将帮助世界上更多的地方繁荣发展，因为资源不再那么受限，而资源受限往往是军事冲突和紧张局势的根源。所以我们也要考虑到，没有人工智能的毁灭概率是多少？有AI的毁灭概率，没有AI的毁灭概率，因为很有可能AI会是拯救我们、拯救人类文明免受所有其他威胁的东西。

### Sundar Pichai:

I agree with you. I think it’s insightful. Look, I felt to make progress
on some of the toughest problems would be good to have AI, like Pear,
helping you, and so that resonates with me for sure. Yeah.

我同意你的看法。我认为这很有见地。你看，我感觉要解决一些最棘手的问题，有像Pear这样的人工智能来帮助你会很好，所以这肯定能引起我的共鸣。是的。

### Lex Fridman:

Quick pause, bathroom break? Let’s do that. If NotebookLM was the same,
like what I saw today with Beam, if it was compelling in the same kind
of way, blew my mind. It was incredible. I didn’t think it’s possible. I
didn’t think it’s possible.

稍作停顿，上个洗手间？好的。如果NotebookLM能做到今天我用Beam看到的那个效果，如果它能以同样引人入胜的方式呈现，那真是让我大开眼界。太不可思议了。我没想到这能实现，完全没想到。

### Sundar Pichai:

Can you imagine the US president and the Chinese president being able to
do something like Beam with the live Meet translation working well, so
they’re both sitting and talking, make progress a bit more.

你能想象美国总统和中国主席能够使用像Beam这样的技术，并且实时会议翻译运行良好，让他们可以坐在一起交谈，从而取得更多进展吗？

### Lex Fridman:

Just for people listening, we took a quick bathroom break and now we’re
talking about the demo I did. We’ll probably post it somewhere somehow
maybe here. I got a chance to experience Beam and it’s hard to describe
in words how real it felt with just, what is it, six cameras. It’s
incredible. It’s incredible. On the world leaders front, on politics,
geopolitics, there’s something really special again with studying World
War II and how much could have been saved if Chamberlain met Stalin in
person. And I sometimes also struggle explaining to people,
articulating, why I believe meeting in person for world leaders is
powerful. It just seems naive to say that, but there is in person and
with Beam, I felt that same thing, and then I’m unable to explain, all I
kept doing is what a child does. You look real. And I mean, I don’t know
if that makes meetings more productive or so on, but it certainly makes
them more, the same reason you want to show up to work versus remote
sometimes, that human connection. I don’t know what that is, it’s hard
to put into words. There’s something beautiful about great teams
collaborating on a thing that’s not captured by the productivity of that
team or by whatever on paper. Some of the most beautiful moments you
experience in life is at work. Pursuing a difficult thing together for
many months, there’s nothing like it.

只是为了让听众知道，我们刚刚去了一趟洗手间，现在我们正在讨论我做的那个演示。我们可能会在某个地方发布它，也许就在这里。我有机会体验了Beam，很难用语言来形容它给我的真实感，仅仅用了，是多少，六个摄像头。太不可思议了。太不可思议了。在世界领导人方面，在政治、地缘政治上，研究二战时我又发现了一些特别之处，如果张伯伦能亲自会见斯大林，能挽救多少生命。我有时也难以向人们解释、阐述，为什么我相信世界领导人亲自会面是强大的。这样说似乎很天真，但在亲自会面和使用Beam时，我感受到了同样的东西，然后我无法解释，我所做的只是像个孩子一样。你看起来很真实。我的意思是，我不知道这是否会让会议更有效率，但它肯定会让会议变得更……就像你有时想去上班而不是远程工作的原因一样，那种人与人之间的联系。我不知道那是什么，很难用语言来表达。伟大的团队合作完成一件事情，有一些美好的东西，是那个团队的生产力或纸面上的任何东西都无法捕捉到的。你在生活中经历的一些最美好的时刻是在工作中。一起追求一件困难的事情，持续好几个月，那种感觉是无与伦比的。

### Sundar Pichai:

You’re in the trenches. And yeah, you do form bonds that way, for sure.

你们在战壕里。是的，你们确实会以那种方式建立联系，肯定会。

### Lex Fridman:

And to be able to do that somewhat remotely in that same personal touch,
I don’t know, that’s a deeply fulfilling thing. I know a lot of people,
I personally hate meetings because a significant percent of meetings
when done poorly don’t serve a clear purpose. But that’s a meeting
problem, that’s not a communication problem. If you could improve the
communication for the meetings that are useful, that’s just incredible.
So yeah, I was blown away by the great engineering behind it. And then
we get to see what impact that has, that’s really interesting, but just
incredible engineering. Really impressive.

能够以那种同样亲切的方式，在一定程度上远程完成这件事，我不知道，那是一件非常有成就感的事情。我知道很多人，我个人很讨厌会议，因为很大一部分会议如果做得不好，就没有明确的目的。但那是会议的问题，不是沟通的问题。如果你能改善那些有用会议的沟通，那就太不可思议了。所以，是的，我被它背后的卓越工程技术所震撼。然后我们来看看它会产生什么影响，那真的很有趣，但就是不可思议的工程技术。真的令人印象深刻。

### Sundar Pichai:

No, it is. And obviously we’ll work hard over the years to make it more
and more accessible. But yeah, even on a personal front outside of work
meetings, a grandmother who’s far away from her grandchild and being
able to have that kind of an interaction, all that I think will end up
being very… Nothing substitutes being in person but it’s not always
possible. You could be a soldier deployed trying to talk to your loved
one. So I think so that’s what inspires us.

不，确实如此。显然，我们会在未来几年努力工作，让它变得越来越容易获得。但是，是的，即使在工作会议之外的个人层面，一位离孙子很远的祖母能够有这样的互动，我认为所有这些最终都会非常……没有什么能替代亲身在场，但这并不总是可能的。你可能是一名被部署的士兵，试图与你的爱人交谈。所以我认为，这就是激励我们的地方。

## 最艰难的领导决策 (Toughest leadership decisions)

### Lex Fridman:

When you and I hung out last year and took a walk, I don’t think we
talked about this, but I remember outside of that seeing dozens of
articles written by analysts and experts and so on, that Sundar Pichai
should step down because the perception was that Google was definitively
losing the AI race, has lost its magic touch, in the rapidly evolving
technological landscape,. And now a year later, it’s crazy. You showed
this plot of all the things that were shipped over the past year. It’s
incredible. And Gemini Pro is winning across many benchmarks and
products as we sit here today. So take me through that experience when
there’s all these articles saying you’re the wrong guy to lead Google
through this. Google is lost, is done, it’s over, to today where Google
is winning again. What were some low points during that time?

去年你我一起散步时，我不记得我们是否谈过这个，但我记得在那之外，我看到了几十篇由分析师和专家写的文章，说桑达尔·皮查伊应该下台，因为人们普遍认为，在迅速发展的技术格局中，谷歌已经明确地输掉了人工智能竞赛，失去了它的魔力。而现在一年后，情况变得疯狂。你展示了过去一年发布的所有产品的图表。这太不可思议了。今天我们坐在这里，Gemini
Pro在许多基准和产品上都取得了胜利。所以，带我回顾一下那段经历，当所有文章都在说你是带领谷歌度过难关的错误人选，谷歌已经迷失，已经完蛋，已经结束，到今天谷歌再次获胜。在那段时间里，有哪些低谷？

### Sundar Pichai:

Look, lots to unpack. Obviously, the main bet I made as a CEO was to
really make sure the company was approaching everything in a AI-first
way, really setting ourselves up to develop AGI responsibly, and make
sure we are putting out products which embodies that, things that are
very, very useful for people. So look, I knew even through moments like
that last year, I had a good sense of what we were building internally.
So I’d already made many important decisions bringing together teams of
the caliber of Brain and DeepMind and setting up Google DeepMind. There
were things like we made the decision to invest in TPUs 10 years ago, so
we knew we were scaling up and building big models. Anytime you’re in a
situation like that, a few aspects. I’m good at tuning out noise,
separating signal from noise. Do you scuba dive? Have you…? It’s
amazing. I’m not good at it, but I’ve done it a few times. But sometimes
you jump in the ocean, it’s so choppy, but you go down one feet under,
it’s the calmest thing in the entire universe. So there’s a version of
that. Running Google, you may as well be coaching Barcelona or Real
Madrid. You have a bad season. So there are aspects to that. But look,
I’m good at tuning out the noise. I do watch out for signals. It’s
important to separate the signal from the noise. So there are good
people sometimes making good points outside, so you want to listen to
it, you want to take that feedback in, but internally, you’re making a
set of consequential decisions. As leaders, you’re making a lot of
decisions, many of them are inconsequential it feels like, but over time
you learn that most of the decisions you’re making on a day-to-day basis
doesn’t matter. You have to make them and you’re making them just to
keep things moving. But you have to make a few consequential decisions
and we had set up the right teams, right leaders, we had world-class
researchers, we were training Gemini. Internally, there are factors
which were, for example, outside people may not have appreciated. I mean
TPUs are amazing, but we had to ramp up TPUs too. That took time to
scale actually having enough TPUs to get the compute needed. But I could
see internally the trajectory we were on and I was so excited internally
about the possible, to me this moment felt like one of the biggest
opportunities ahead for us as a company that the opportunity space ahead
or the next decade, next 20 years, is bigger than what has happened in
the past. And I thought we were set up better than most companies in the
world to go realize that vision.

看，有很多事情需要理清。显然，作为CEO，我做出的主要赌注是确保公司以人工智能优先的方式处理所有事情，真正为负责任地发展AGI做好准备，并确保我们推出的产品体现了这一点，即对人们非常有用的东西。所以，你看，即使在去年那样的时刻，我也很清楚我们内部在构建什么。所以我已经做出了许多重要决定，将像Brain和DeepMind这样高水平的团队整合在一起，并成立了Google
DeepMind。比如，我们10年前就决定投资TPU，所以我们知道我们正在扩大规模并构建大型模型。每当你在那种情况下，有几个方面。我擅长屏蔽噪音，从噪音中分离信号。你潜水吗？你……？这很神奇。我并不擅长，但我做过几次。但有时你跳进大海，海面波涛汹涌，但你往下潜一英尺，那里是整个宇宙中最平静的地方。所以有那样一种情况。经营谷歌，你就像在执教巴塞罗那或皇家马德里。你总会遇到一个糟糕的赛季。所以有这方面的因素。但你看，我擅长屏蔽噪音。我确实会留意信号。从噪音中分离信号很重要。所以有时外面有好人提出好的观点，所以你想听，你想吸收那些反馈，但在内部，你在做一系列重要的决定。作为领导者，你做很多决定，其中很多感觉是无足轻重的，但随着时间的推移，你发现你每天做的决定大多无关紧要。你必须做它们，你做它们只是为了让事情继续运转。但你必须做几个重要的决定，我们已经组建了正确的团队，正确的领导者，我们有世界一流的研究人员，我们正在训练Gemini。在内部，有些因素，比如，外面的人可能没有意识到。我的意思是TPU很棒，但我们也需要扩大TPU的规模。这需要时间来扩大，实际上需要有足够的TPU来获得所需的计算能力。但我可以看到我们内部的发展轨迹，我对内部的可能性感到非常兴奋，对我来说，这个时刻感觉是我们公司未来最大的机遇之一，未来的机遇空间，未来十年，未来二十年，比过去发生的任何事情都要大。我认为我们比世界上大多数公司都更有能力去实现这个愿景。

### Sundar Pichai:

Look, we were fortunate to have two world-class teams, but you’re right,
it’s like somebody coming and telling to you, take Stanford and MIT and
then put them together and create a great department, easier said than
done. But we were fortunate in phenomenal teams, both had their
strengths, they were run very differently. Brain was kind of a lot of
diverse projects, bottoms up and out of it came a lot of important
research breakthroughs. DeepMind at the time had a strong vision of how
you want to build AGI, and so they were pursuing their direction. But I
think through those moments, luckily tapping into, Jeff had expressed a
desire to go back to more of a scientific individual contributor roots.
He felt like management was taking up too much of his time. And Demis
naturally I think was running DeepMind and was a natural choice there.
But I think, you are right, it took us a while to bring the teams
together, credit to Demis, Jeff, Koray, all the great people there. They
worked super hard to combine the best of both worlds when you set up
that team. A few sleepless nights here and there, as we put that thing
together. We were patient in how we did it so that it works well for the
long term and some of that in that moment. I think, yes, with things
moving fast, I think you definitely felt the pressure, but I think we
pulled off that transition well, and I think they’re obviously doing
incredible work and there’s a lot more incredible things ahead coming
from them.

你看，我们很幸运拥有两个世界级的团队，但你说得对，这就像有人来告诉你，把斯坦福和麻省理工合并，然后创建一个伟大的系，说起来容易做起来难。但我们很幸运，团队非常出色，各有优势，运营方式也截然不同。Brain当时有很多多样化的项目，自下而上，从中产生了很多重要的研究突破。DeepMind当时对如何构建AGI有清晰的愿景，所以他们在追求自己的方向。但我想，在那段时期，幸运地是，杰夫表达了想回归更偏向科学的个人贡献者角色的愿望。他觉得管理占用了他太多的时间。而德米斯，我认为他当时在管理DeepMind，自然而然地成了那里的选择。但我想，你说得对，我们花了一段时间才把团队整合起来，这要归功于德米斯、杰夫、科雷以及所有在那里工作的优秀人才。当你组建那个团队时，他们非常努力地将两个世界的精华结合起来。我们把这件事办成的时候，有过一些不眠之夜。我们很有耐心地处理这件事，以确保它能长期良好运作，在那个时刻也是如此。我想，是的，随着事情发展得很快，你肯定感受到了压力，但我想我们很好地完成了那次转型，而且他们显然正在做着不可思议的工作，未来还会有更多不可思议的事情从他们那里诞生。

### Lex Fridman:

Like we talked about, you have a very calm, even-tempered, respectful
demeanor, during that time, whether it’s the merger or just dealing with
the noise, were there times where frustration boiled over? Did you have
to go a bit more intense on everybody than you usually would?

就像我们之前谈到的，你有一种非常冷静、平和、尊重的风度。在那段时间里，无论是处理合并还是仅仅应对噪音，有没有你的挫败感爆发的时候？你是否不得不比平时对每个人都更加严厉一些？

### Sundar Pichai:

Probably. You’re right. I think in the sense that there was a moment
where we were all driving hard, but when you’re in the trenches working
with passion, you’re going to have days, you disagree, you argue. But
all that, I mean just part of the course of working intensely. And at
the end of the day, all of us are doing what we are doing because the
impact it can have, we are motivated by it. For many of us, this has
been a long-term journey, and so it’s been super exciting. The positive
moments far outweigh the kind of stressful moments. Just early this
year, I had a chance to celebrate back-to-back over two days Nobel Prize
for Geoff Hinton and the next day a Nobel Prize for Demis and John
Jumper. You worked with people like that, all that is super inspiring.

可能吧。你说得对。我想，在某种程度上，有一段时间我们都在努力拼搏，但当你在战壕里充满激情地工作时，总会有你不同意、你争论的日子。但所有这些，我的意思是，都只是紧张工作过程中的一部分。归根结底，我们所有人做我们正在做的事情，是因为它能产生的影响，我们被它所激励。对我们许多人来说，这是一段长期的旅程，所以它非常令人兴奋。积极的时刻远远超过了那些充满压力的时刻。就在今年年初，我有机会连续两天庆祝，一天是杰夫·辛顿的诺贝尔奖，第二天是德米斯和约翰·江珀的诺贝尔奖。你和那样的人一起工作，所有这些都非常鼓舞人心。

### Lex Fridman:

Is there something like with you where you had to put your foot down
maybe with less versus more or, I’m the CEO and we’re doing this?

有没有类似的情况，你不得不采取强硬立场，也许是选择少做而不是多做，或者说，“我是CEO，我们就这么干”？

### Sundar Pichai:

To my earlier point about consequential decisions you make, there are
decisions you make, people can disagree pretty vehemently, but at some
point you make a clear decision and you just ask people to commit. You
can disagree, but it’s time to disagree and commit so that we can get
moving. And whether it’s putting the foot down, it’s a natural part of
what all of us have to do. And I think you can do that calmly and be
very firm in the direction you are making the decision, and I think if
you’re clear actually people over time respect that, if you can make
decisions with clarity.

回到我之前关于你做出的重大决定的观点，有些决定，人们可能会非常激烈地反对，但在某个时刻，你必须做出一个明确的决定，然后要求大家承诺执行。你可以不同意，但现在是时候“不同意但承诺”（disagree
and
commit），这样我们才能继续前进。无论是采取强硬立场，这都是我们所有人必须做的自然的一部分。我认为你可以冷静地做到这一点，并且在你做决定的方向上非常坚定，而且我认为，如果你思路清晰，实际上随着时间的推移，人们会尊重这一点，如果你能清晰地做出决定。

### Lex Fridman:

I find it very effective in meetings where you’re making such decisions
to hear everyone out. I think it’s important, when you can, to hear
everyone out. Sometimes what you’re hearing actually influences how you
think about, and you’re wrestling with it and making a decision.
Sometimes you have a clear conviction and you state, so look, this is
how I feel and this is my conviction, and you kind of place the bet and
you move on.

我发现在做这类决定的会议中，倾听每个人的意见非常有效。我认为，在可能的情况下，倾听每个人的意见很重要。有时你听到的东西实际上会影响你的思考方式，你会在其中挣扎并做出决定。有时你有一个明确的信念，你就会声明，所以你看，这就是我的感受，这就是我的信念，然后你就下注，然后继续前进。

### Lex Fridman:

Are there big decisions like that? I kind of intuitively assume the
merger was the big one?

有像那样的大决定吗？我直觉上认为合并是最大的那个？

### Sundar Pichai:

I think that was a very important decision for the company to meet the
moment. I think we had to make sure we were doing that and doing that
well. I think that was a consequential decision. There were many other
things. We set up a AI infrastructure team to really go meet the moment
to scale up the compute we needed to and really brought teams from
disparate parts of the company, created it to move forward. Getting
people to work together physically, both in London with DeepMind at what
we call Gradient Canopy, which is where the Mountain View Google
DeepMind teams are. But one of my favorite moments is I routinely walk
multiple times per week to the Gradient Canopy building where our top
researchers are working on the models, Sergey is often there amongst
them, just looking at getting an update on the model, seeing the loss
curves, so all that. I think that cultural part of getting the teams
together back with that energy, I think ended up playing a big role too.

我认为那对公司来说是一个非常重要的决定，以迎接那个时刻。我认为我们必须确保我们正在做这件事，并且做得很好。我认为那是一个重大的决定。还有很多其他事情。我们成立了一个人工智能基础设施团队，真正去迎接那个时刻，扩大我们所需的计算能力，并真正从公司的不同部门调集团队，创造它来向前发展。让人们在物理上一起工作，无论是在伦敦的DeepMind，在我们称之为Gradient
Canopy的地方，也就是山景城Google
DeepMind团队所在地。但我最喜欢的时刻之一是，我每周例行地走好几次到Gradient
Canopy大楼，我们顶尖的研究人员正在那里研究模型，谢尔盖也经常在他们中间，只是看看模型的最新进展，看看损失曲线，所有这些。我认为让团队重新带着那种能量聚集在一起的文化部分，最终也扮演了重要角色。

## AI模式 vs 谷歌搜索 (AI mode vs Google Search)

### Lex Fridman:

What about the decision to recently add AI mode? So Google Search is, as
they say, the front page of the internet, it’s like a legendary
minimalist thing with 10 blue links. When people think internet, they
think that page and now you’re starting to mess with that. So the AI
mode, which is a separate tab, and then integrating AI in the results,
I’m sure there were some battles in meetings on that one.

那么，最近决定添加AI模式的决策又是如何呢？谷歌搜索，正如他们所说，是互联网的首页，它就像一个传奇的极简主义作品，只有10个蓝色链接。当人们想到互联网时，他们就会想到那个页面，而现在你开始改变它了。所以，这个AI模式，作为一个独立的标签，然后将AI整合到搜索结果中，我敢肯定在会议上为此有过一些争论。

### Sundar Pichai:

Look, in some ways when mobile came, people wanted answers to more
questions, so we are kind of constantly evolving it, but you’re right,
this moment, that evolution because the underlying technology is
becoming much more capable. You can have AI give a lot of context, but
one of our important design goals though, is when you come to Google
Search, you are going to get a lot of context, but you’re going to go
and find a lot of things out on the web. So that will be true in AI
mode, in AI overviews, and so on. Pertaining to our earlier
conversation, we’re still giving you access to links, but think of the
AI as a layer, which is giving you context, summary, maybe in AI mode,
you can have a dialogue with it back and forth on your journey, but
through it all, you’re kind of learning what’s out there in the world.
So those core principles don’t change. But I think AI mode allows us to
push the… We have our best models there, models that are using search as
a deep tool, really for every query you’re asking, kind of fanning out
doing multiple searches, kind of assembling that knowledge in a way so
that you can go and consume what you want to, and that’s how we think
about it.

你看，在某种程度上，当移动时代到来时，人们想要更多问题的答案，所以我们一直在不断地发展它。但你说得对，在这个时刻，这种发展是因为底层技术变得越来越强大。你可以让AI提供大量背景信息，但我们一个重要的设计目标是，当你来到谷歌搜索时，你会得到很多背景信息，但你仍然会去网上发现很多东西。所以这在AI模式、AI概览等中都是如此。回到我们之前的对话，我们仍然为你提供链接的访问权限，但你可以把AI看作一个层，它为你提供背景信息、摘要，也许在AI模式下，你可以在你的旅程中与它来回对话，但通过这一切，你仍在了解世界上有什么。所以那些核心原则没有改变。但我认为AI模式让我们能够推动……我们在那里有我们最好的模型，这些模型将搜索作为一个深度工具，真的，对于你问的每一个问题，都会进行多次搜索，以一种方式汇集这些知识，这样你就可以去消费你想要的东西，这就是我们的想法。

### Lex Fridman:

I got a chance to listen to a bunch of Elizabeth, Liz Reid, describe,
there’s two things stood out to me that you mentioned. One thing is what
you were talking about is the query fan-out, which I didn’t even think
about before, is the powerful aspect of integrating a bunch of stuff on
the web for you in one place, so that, yes, it provides that context so
that you can decide which page to then go onto. The other really, really
big thing speaks to the earlier in terms of productivity multiply that
we’re talking about, that she mentioned, was language. So one of the
things you don’t quite understand is through AI mode for non-English
speakers, you make, let’s say, English language websites accessible in
the reasoning process as you’ve tried to figure out what you’re looking
for. Of course once you show up to a page, you can use a basic
translate, but that process of figuring it out, if you empathize with a
large part of the world that doesn’t speak English, their web is much
smaller in that original language. And so it, again, unlocks that huge
cognitive capacity there. You take for granted here with all the
bloggers and the journalists writing about AI mode, you forget that this
now unlocks because Gemini is really good at translation.

我有机会听了伊丽莎白·“利兹”·里德（Elizabeth "Liz"
Reid）的一系列描述，你提到的有两点让我印象深刻。第一点是你所说的“查询扇出”（query
fan-out），我之前从未想过，这是将网上大量信息为你整合到一个地方的强大之处，这样，是的，它提供了背景信息，让你能决定接下来要访问哪个页面。另一件非常、非常重要的事情，呼应了我们之前谈到的生产力倍增，她提到的是语言。所以，你可能不太理解的一件事是，通过AI模式，对于非英语使用者，你在试图找出你想要的东西的推理过程中，让比如说，英语网站变得可以访问。当然，一旦你到了一个页面，你可以使用基本的翻译，但那个弄清楚的过程，如果你能体会到世界上大部分不讲英语的人，他们的网络在他们的母语中要小得多。所以，这再次释放了那里巨大的认知能力。你在这里把所有博客作者和记者写的关于AI模式的文章都视为理所当然，你忘记了这现在释放了这种能力，因为Gemini的翻译做得非常好。

### Sundar Pichai:

Oh it is. I mean the multimodality, the translation, it’s ability to
reason, we’re dramatically improving tool use, and putting that power in
the flow of Search, look, I’m super excited with AI overviews. We’ve
seen the product has gotten much better, we measured using all kinds of
user metrics. It’s obviously driven strong growth of the product, and
we’ve been testing AI mode. It’s now in the hands of millions of people
and the early metrics are very encouraging. So look, I’m excited about
this next chapter of Search.

哦，是的。我的意思是，多模态、翻译、它的推理能力，我们正在极大地改进工具的使用，并将这种力量融入到搜索流程中。看，我对AI概览非常兴奋。我们看到产品已经变得好多了，我们用各种用户指标来衡量。它显然推动了产品的强劲增长，我们一直在测试AI模式。现在它已经掌握在数百万人手中，早期的指标非常令人鼓舞。所以，看，我对搜索的下一章感到兴奋。

### Lex Fridman:

For people who are not thinking through or aware of this, so there’s the
10 blue links with the AI overview on top, that provides a nice
summarization, you can expand it. And you have sources and links now
embedded. Yeah, I believe, at least Liz said so, I actually didn’t
notice it, but there’s ads in the AI overview also. I don’t think
there’s ads in AI mode. When ads in AI mode, Sundar? When do you think…?
Okay, we should say that in the nineties, I remember the animated GIFs,
banner GIFs, that take you to some shady websites that have nothing to
do with anything. AdSense revolutionized advertisement. It’s one of the
greatest inventions in recent history because it allows us, for free, to
have access to all these kinds of services. So ads fuel a lot of really
powerful services. And at its best it’s showing you relevant ads, but
also very importantly in a way that’s not super annoying, in a classy
way. So when do you think it’s possible to add ads into AI mode and what
does that look like from a classy, non-annoying perspective?

对于那些没有仔细思考或意识到这一点的人来说，搜索结果是10个蓝色链接，上面有一个AI概览，它提供了一个很好的摘要，你可以展开它。现在还嵌入了来源和链接。是的，我相信，至少利兹是这么说的，我其实没注意到，但在AI概览中也有广告。我不认为AI模式中有广告。桑达尔，AI模式中什么时候会有广告？你认为……？好吧，我们应该说，在九十年代，我记得那些动画GIF，横幅GIF，会把你带到一些与任何事情都无关的可疑网站。AdSense彻底改变了广告。这是近代史上最伟大的发明之一，因为它让我们能够免费使用所有这些服务。所以广告为许多非常强大的服务提供了资金。在最好的情况下，它会向你展示相关的广告，但同样重要的是，是以一种不那么烦人、有格调的方式。所以你认为什么时候有可能在AI模式中加入广告，从一个有格调、不烦人的角度来看，它会是什么样子？

### Sundar Pichai:

Two things. Early part of AI mode, we’ll obviously focus more on the
organic experience to make sure we are getting it right. I think the
fundamental value of ads are it enables access to deploy the services to
billions of people. Second is ads are the reason we’ve always taken ads
seriously is we view ads as commercial information, but it’s still
information. So we bring the same quality metrics to it. I think with AI
mode, to our earlier conversation about… I think AI itself will help us,
over time, figure out the best way to do it. I think given we are giving
context around everything, I think it’ll give us more opportunities to
also explain, “Okay, here’s some commercial information.” Like today as
a podcaster, you do it at certain spots, and you probably figure out
what’s best in your podcast. I think so, there are aspects of that, but
I think the underlying need of people value commercial information,
businesses are trying to connect to users. All that doesn’t change in an
AI moment, but look, we will rethink it. You’ve seen us in YouTube now
do a mixture of subscription and ads. Like, obviously, we are now
introducing subscription offerings across everything. So as part of
that, the optimization point will end up being a different place as
well.

两件事。在AI模式的早期，我们显然会更专注于自然体验，以确保我们做对了。我认为广告的根本价值在于，它使得向数十亿人部署服务成为可能。其次，我们一直认真对待广告的原因是，我们将广告视为商业信息，但它仍然是信息。所以我们对它采用相同的质量标准。我认为对于AI模式，回到我们之前的对话……我认为AI本身会随着时间的推移，帮助我们找到最好的方法。我认为鉴于我们正在为所有事情提供背景信息，这会给我们更多机会来解释，“好的，这里有一些商业信息。”就像今天作为播客主持人，你在某些地方这样做，你可能会找出在你的播客中什么是最好的。我认为是这样，有这方面的因素，但我认为人们重视商业信息、企业试图与用户建立联系的根本需求，在AI时代并不会改变。但你看，我们会重新思考它。你已经看到我们在YouTube上现在采用了订阅和广告的混合模式。很明显，我们现在正在所有产品中引入订阅服务。所以作为其中的一部分，优化点最终也会有所不同。

### Lex Fridman:

Do you see a trajectory in the possible future where AI mode completely
replaces the 10 blue links plus AI overview?

你是否看到在可能的未来，AI模式会完全取代“10个蓝色链接+AI概览”的模式？

### Sundar Pichai:

Our current plan is AI mode is going to be there as a separate tab for
people who really want to experience that, but it’s not yet at the level
there, our main search pages. But as features work will keep migrating
it to the main page, and so you can view it as a continuum. AI mode will
offer you the bleeding edge experience, but things that work will keep
overflowing to AI overviews and the main experience.

我们目前的计划是，AI模式将作为一个独立的标签存在，供那些真正想体验它的人使用，但它还没有达到我们主搜索页面的水平。但随着功能的完善，我们会不断将其迁移到主页面，所以你可以把它看作一个连续体。AI模式将为你提供最前沿的体验，但行之有效的功能会不断地流入AI概览和主体验中。

### Lex Fridman:

And the idea that AI mode will still take you to the web to human
created web?

那么，AI模式仍然会将你导向由人类创建的网络，这个想法是成立的吗？

### Sundar Pichai:

Yes, that’s going to be a core design principle for us.

是的，那将是我们的核心设计原则。

### Lex Fridman:

So really, if users decide, right? They drive this.

所以，实际上是由用户决定的，对吗？他们驱动这一切。

### Sundar Pichai:

Yeah.

是的。

### Lex Fridman:

It’s just exciting. A little bit scary that it might change the internet
because Google has been dominating with a very specific look and idea of
what it means to have the internet. As you move to AI mode, I mean, it’s
just a different experience. I think Liz was talking about it. I think
you’ve mentioned that you ask more questions. You ask longer questions.
It actually fuels curiosity. I think, for me, I’ve been asking just a
much larger number of questions of this black box machine, let’s say,
whatever it is, and with the AI overview, it’s interesting because I
still value the human… I still ultimately want to end up on the human
created web, but like you said, the context really helps. It helps us
deliver higher-quality referrals, right? Where people, they have much
higher likelihood of finding what they’re looking for. They’re
exploring. They’re curious. Their intent is getting satisfied more. So
that’s what all our metrics show. It makes the humans that create the
web nervous. The journalists are getting nervous. They’ve already been
nervous. Like we mentioned, CNN is nervous because the podcasts… It
makes people nervous.

这很令人兴奋。但也有点吓人，因为它可能会改变互联网，因为谷歌一直以一种非常特定的外观和理念主导着互联网的定义。当你转向AI模式时，我的意思是，这是一种完全不同的体验。我想Liz谈到过这一点。我想你也提到过，你会问更多的问题，问更长的问题。这实际上激发了好奇心。我想，对我来说，我一直在问这个黑匣子机器更多的问题，不管它是什么，而有了AI概览，这很有趣，因为我仍然珍视人的……我最终还是想回到人类创建的网络，但就像你说的，上下文真的很有帮助。它帮助我们提供更高质量的引荐，对吧？人们有更高的可能性找到他们想要的东西。他们在探索。他们好奇。他们的意图得到了更好的满足。所以我们所有的指标都显示了这一点。这让创造网络的人感到紧张。记者们开始紧张。他们已经很紧张了。就像我们提到的，CNN因为播客而紧张……这让人们感到紧张。

### Sundar Pichai:

Look, I think news and journalism will play an important role in the
future. We are pretty committed to it, right? So I think making sure
that ecosystem, in fact, I think we’ll be able to differentiate
ourselves as a company over time because of our commitment there. So
it’s something, I think, I definitely value a lot, and as we are
designing, we’ll continue prioritizing approaches.

看，我认为新闻和新闻业在未来将扮演重要角色。我们对此非常投入，对吧？所以，我认为确保那个生态系统，事实上，我认为随着时间的推移，我们将能够凭借我们的承诺使自己公司脱颖而出。所以，我认为，这绝对是我非常看重的东西，并且在我们的设计中，我们将继续优先考虑各种方法。

### Lex Fridman:

I’m sure for the people who want, they can have a fine-tuned AI model
that’s clickbait hit pieces that will replace current journalism. That’s
a shot of journalism. Forgive me. But I find that if you’re looking for
really strong criticism of things, that Gemini is very good at providing
that. T’s better than anything they… For now, I mean. People are
concerned that there would be bias that’s introduced that as the AI
systems become more and more powerful, there’s incentive from sponsors
to roll in and try to control the output of the AI models. But for now,
the objective criticism that’s provided is way better than journalism.
Of course, the argument is the journalists are still valuable, but then,
I don’t know, the crowdsourced journalism that we get on the open
internet is also very, very powerful.

我敢肯定，对于那些想要的人来说，他们可以拥有一个经过微调的AI模型，它能写出点击诱饵式的攻击性文章，取代当前的新闻业。这是对新闻业的讽刺。请原谅。但我发现，如果你想寻找对事物真正强烈的批评，Gemini在这方面做得非常好。它比任何……目前来说，是这样。人们担心，随着AI系统变得越来越强大，赞助商会有动机介入，试图控制AI模型的输出。但就目前而言，它提供的客观批评远胜于新闻业。当然，有人会说记者仍然有价值，但那么，我不知道，我们在开放互联网上得到的众包新闻，也非常、非常强大。

### Sundar Pichai:

I feel like they’re all super important things. I think it’s good that
you get a lot of crowdsourced information coming in, but I feel like
there is real value for high-quality journalism, right? I think these
are all complimentary, I think. Like, I view it as I find myself
constantly seeking out, also, like, try to find objective reporting on
things too. Sometimes you get more context from the crowd-funded sources
you read online, but I think both end up playing a super important role.

我觉得这些都是非常重要的事情。我认为，能获得大量众包信息是好事，但我也觉得高质量的新闻业有其真正的价值，对吧？我认为这些都是互补的。比如，我发现自己也经常会去寻找，试图找到对事物的客观报道。有时你从网上阅读的众筹来源能获得更多背景信息，但我认为两者最终都扮演着非常重要的角色。

### Lex Fridman:

So you’ve spoken a little about this. Dennis talked about this, it’s
sort of the slice of the web that will increasingly become about
providing information for agents. So we can think about as two layers of
the web. One is for humans, one is for agents. Do you see the AI agents?
Do you see the one that’s for AI agents growing over time? Do you there
still being long-term 5, 10 years value for the human created for the
purpose of human consumption web, or will it all be agents in the end?

你之前稍微谈到过这个。丹尼斯也谈到过，这有点像网络的一部分，将越来越多地为智能体提供信息。所以我们可以把它看作是网络的两个层次。一个是为人类服务的，一个是为智能体服务的。你看到人工智能智能体了吗？你看到为人工智能智能体服务的那部分会随着时间增长吗？你认为在5到10年的长期内，为人类消费而创造的人类网络仍然有价值吗，或者最终一切都将是智能体？

### Sundar Pichai:

Today, not everyone does, but you go to a big retail store, you love
walking the aisle, you love shopping or grocery store, picking out food,
et cetera, but you’re also online shopping, and they’re delivering,
right? So both are complementary, and that’s true for restaurants, et
cetera. So I do feel like, over time, websites will also get better for
humans. They will be better design. AI might actually design them better
for humans. So I expect the web to get a lot richer, and more
interesting, and better to use. At the same time, I think there’ll be an
agentic web, which is also making a lot of progress, and you have to
solve the business value and the incentives to make that work well,
right? For people to participate in it. But I think both will coexist,
and obviously, the agents may not need the same… Not may not. They won’t
need the same design and the UI paradigms which humans need to interact
with. But I think both will be there.

今天，不是每个人都这样做，但你去一家大型零售店，你喜欢在货架间闲逛，你喜欢购物或去杂货店挑选食物等等，但你也在网上购物，而且他们送货上门，对吧？所以两者是互补的，这对餐馆等也是如此。所以我确实觉得，随着时间的推移，网站也会对人类变得更好。它们的设计会更好。人工智能实际上可能会为人类设计得更好。所以我期望网络会变得更丰富、更有趣、更好用。同时，我认为会有一个智能体网络，它也在取得很大进展，你必须解决商业价值和激励机制，让它运作良好，对吧？让人们参与其中。但我认为两者会共存，显然，智能体可能不需要同样的……不是可能不需要。它们不需要人类互动所需的同样的设计和用户界面范式。但我认为两者都会存在。

## 谷歌浏览器 (Google Chrome)

### Lex Fridman:

I have to ask you about Chrome. I have to say, for me personally, Google
Chrome is probably, I don’t know, I’d like to see where I would rank it,
but in this temptation, and this is not a recency bias, although it
might be a little bit, but I think it’s up there, top three, maybe the
number one piece of software for me of all time. It’s incredible. It’s
really incredible. The browser is our window to the web, and Chrome
really continues for many years. But even initially, to push the
innovation on that front when it was stale, and it continues to
challenge. It continues to make it more performant, so efficient, and
just innovate constantly, and the Chromium aspect of it. Anyway, you
were one of the pioneers of Chrome pushing for it when it was an insane
idea, probably one of the ideas that was criticized, and doubted, and so
on. So can you tell me the story of what it took to push for Chrome?
What was your vision?

我必须问你关于Chrome的问题。我得说，对我个人而言，谷歌Chrome大概是……我不知道，我想看看我会把它排在哪里，但在这个诱惑下，这不是近因偏见，虽然可能有一点，但我认为它排在前三，也许是我有史以来排名第一的软件。它太不可思议了。真的不可思议。浏览器是我们通向网络的窗口，而Chrome真的持续了很多年。但即使是在最初，当浏览器市场停滞不前时，它就推动了创新，并持续挑战。它持续地使其性能更强、更高效，并不断创新，还有它的Chromium方面。无论如何，你是Chrome的先驱之一，在它还是一个疯狂的想法时就推动它，可能是一个被批评、被怀疑的想法等等。所以你能告诉我，推动Chrome需要什么吗？你的愿景是什么？

### Sundar Pichai:

Look, it was such a dynamic time around 2004, 2005 with AJAX, the web
suddenly becoming dynamic. In a matter of few months, Flickr, Gmail,
Google Maps, all kind of came into existence, right? Like, the fact that
you have an interactive dynamic web. The web was evolving from simple
text pages, simple HTML to rich dynamic applications, but at the same
time, you could see the browser was never meant for that world, right?
Like, JavaScript execution was super slow. The browser was far away from
being an operating system for that rich modern web which was coming into
place. So that’s the opportunity we saw. It’s an amazing early team. I
still remember the day we got a shell on WebKit running and how fast it
was. We had the clear vision for building a browser. We wanted to bring
Core OS principles into the browser, right? So we built a secure
browser, sandbox. Each tab was its own. These things are common now, but
at the time, it was pretty unique. We found an amazing team in Aarhus,
Denmark with a leader who built the JavaScript VM, which at the time,
was 25 times faster than any other JavaScript VM out there. By the way,
you are right. We open-sourced it all and put it in Chromium too, but we
really thought the web could work much better, much faster, and you
could be much safer browsing the web, and the name Chrome came because
literally felt people were… Or the Chrome of the browser was getting
clunkier. We wanted to minimize it. So that was the origins of the
project. Definitely, obviously, highly-biased person here talking about
Chrome, but it’s the most fun I’ve had building a product from the
ground up, and it was an extraordinary team. My co-founders on the
project were terrific, so definite fond memories.

看，那是在2004、2005年左右，一个非常充满活力的时期，随着AJAX的出现，网络突然变得动态起来。在几个月内，Flickr、Gmail、谷歌地图都相继诞生，对吧？就像，你拥有一个交互式的动态网络。网络正在从简单的文本页面、简单的HTML演变为丰富的动态应用程序，但同时，你可以看到浏览器从来不是为那个世界而生的，对吧？比如，JavaScript执行速度非常慢。浏览器远非那个即将到来的丰富现代网络的操作系统。所以这就是我们看到的机会。那是一个了不起的早期团队。我仍然记得我们成功在WebKit上运行一个外壳的那一天，以及它有多快。我们有清晰的愿景来构建一个浏览器。我们想把核心操作系统（Core
OS）的原则引入浏览器，对吧？所以我们构建了一个安全的浏览器，沙盒。每个标签页都是独立的。这些东西现在很常见，但在当时，这是非常独特的。我们在丹麦奥胡斯找到了一个了不起的团队，他们的领导者构建了JavaScript虚拟机，当时比其他任何JavaScript虚拟机都快25倍。顺便说一下，你说得对。我们也把它全部开源并放入了Chromium中，但我们真的认为网络可以运行得更好、更快，而且你可以更安全地浏览网络。Chrome这个名字的由来是因为感觉人们……或者说浏览器的“装饰”（Chrome）变得越来越笨重。我们想把它最小化。所以这就是这个项目的起源。当然，我在这里谈论Chrome，显然是一个非常有偏见的人，但这是我从头开始构建一个产品中最有趣的一次，而且那是一个非凡的团队。我在这个项目上的联合创始人都非常出色，所以确实有美好的回忆。

### Lex Fridman:

So for people who don’t know, Sundar, it’s probably fair to say, you’re
the reason we have Chrome. Yes, I know there’s a lot of incredible
engineers, but pushing for it inside a company that probably was
opposing it because it’s a crazy idea, because as everybody probably
knows, it’s incredibly difficult to build a browser.

所以对于那些不知道的人来说，桑达尔，说你是我们拥有Chrome的原因，可能很公平。是的，我知道有很多不可思议的工程师，但在一家可能反对它的公司内部推动它，因为它是一个疯狂的想法，因为大家可能都知道，构建一个浏览器是极其困难的。

### Sundar Pichai:

Yeah, look, Eric was the CEO at the time. I think it was less that he
was supposed to it. He kind of first-hand knew what a crazy thing it is
to go build a browser, and so he definitely was like, “This is…” There
was a crazy aspect to actually wanting to go build a browser, but he was
very supportive. Everyone… The founders were. I think once we started
building something, and we could use it. And see how much better, from
then on, you’re really tinkering with the product and making it better.
It came to life pretty fast.

是的，你看，埃里克当时是CEO。我认为这与其说是他应该做的，不如说他亲身体会到，去构建一个浏览器是多么疯狂的一件事，所以他肯定会说：“这……”确实，想要去构建一个浏览器本身就很疯狂，但他非常支持。每个人……创始人们都是。我想一旦我们开始构建一些东西，并且我们可以使用它，看到它有多好，从那时起，你就在真正地调整产品，让它变得更好。它很快就诞生了。

### Lex Fridman:

What wisdom do you draw from that? From pushing through on a crazy idea
in the early days that ends up being revolutionary, for future crazy
ideas like it?

你从中汲取了什么智慧？从早期推动一个疯狂的想法，最终取得革命性成功，对于未来类似的疯狂想法，你有什么心得？

### Sundar Pichai:

I mean, this is something Larry and Sergey have articulated clearly. I
really internalized this early on, which is their whole feeling around
working on moonshots as a way. When you work on something very
ambitious, first of all, it attracts the best people, right? So that’s
an advantage you get. Number two, because it’s so ambitious, you don’t
have others working on something crazy. So you pretty much have the path
to yourselves, right? It’s like Waymo and self-driving. Number three,
even if you end up quite not accomplishing what you set out to do and
you end up doing 60, 80% of it, it’ll end up being a terrific success.
So that’s the advice I would give people, right? I think it’s just
aiming for big ideas, has all these advantages, and it’s risky, but it
also has all these advantages which people I don’t think fully
internalize.

我的意思是，这是拉里和谢尔盖已经明确阐述过的。我很早就内化了这一点，那就是他们对“登月计划”（moonshots）的整个感觉，作为一种方式。当你从事一个非常宏大的项目时，首先，它会吸引最优秀的人才，对吧？所以这是你获得的一个优势。其次，因为它如此宏大，没有其他人在做同样疯狂的事情。所以你几乎独占了这条路，对吧？就像Waymo和自动驾驶。第三，即使你最终没有完全实现你的目标，而只完成了60%、80%，那也最终会是一个巨大的成功。所以这就是我会给人们的建议，对吧？我认为，就是追求宏大的想法，有所有这些优势，它有风险，但它也有所有这些人们我认为没有完全内化的优势。

### Lex Fridman:

I mean, you mentioned one of the craziest biggest moonshots, which is
Waymo. It’s when I first saw, over a decade ago, a Waymo vehicle, a
Google self-driving car vehicle. For me, it was an aha moment for
robotics. It made me fall in love with robotics even more than before.
It gave me a glimpse into the future. So it’s incredible. I’m truly
grateful for that project, for what it symbolizes, but it’s also a crazy
moonshot. For a long time, Waymo’s been, like you mentioned with scuba
diving, just not listening to anybody, just calmly improving the system
better, and better, more testing, just expanding the operational domain
more and more. First of all, congrats on the 10 million paid Robotaxi
rides. What lessons do you take from Waymo about, like, the
perseverance, the persistence on that project?

我的意思是，你提到了一个最疯狂、最大的“登月计划”，那就是Waymo。十多年前，我第一次看到Waymo的车辆，一辆谷歌的自动驾驶汽车。对我来说，那是机器人技术的一个“啊哈”时刻。它让我比以前更爱机器人技术。它让我窥见了未来。所以这太不可思议了。我真的非常感谢那个项目，感谢它所象征的意义，但它也是一个疯狂的登月计划。很长一段时间以来，Waymo一直像你提到的潜水一样，不听任何人的，只是冷静地不断改进系统，做得越来越好，进行更多的测试，不断扩大运营范围。首先，祝贺你们完成了1000万次付费的Robotaxi出行。你从Waymo学到了什么关于坚持不懈、持之以恒的教训？

### Sundar Pichai:

Really proud of the progress we have had with Waymo. One of the things I
think we were very committed to, the final 20% can look like… I mean, we
always say, right? The first 80% is easy, the final 20% takes 80% of the
time. I think we definitely were working through that phase with Waymo,
but I was aware of that, but we knew we were at that stage. We knew
while there were many other self-driving companies, we knew the
technology gap was there. In fact, right at the moment, when others were
doubting Waymo is when, I don’t know, made the decision to invest more
in Waymo, right? Because so in some ways it’s counterintuitive, but I
think, look, we’ve always been a deep technology company, and waymo is a
version of kind of building a AI robot that works well, and so we get
attracted to problems like that. The caliber of the teams there,
phenomenal teams. So I know you followed the space super closely. I’m
talking to someone who knows the space well, but it was very obvious,
it’s going to get there, and there’s still more work to do, but it’s a
good example where we always prioritized being ambitious and safety at
the same time, right? Equally committed to both and pushed hard and
couldn’t be more thrilled with how it’s working, how much people love
the experience. This year, definitely, we’ve scaled up a lot, and we’ll
continue scaling up in ’26.

我们为Waymo取得的进展感到非常自豪。我认为我们非常致力于的一件事是，最后20%的工作可能看起来……我的意思是，我们总是说，对吧？最初的80%很容易，最后的20%要花80%的时间。我想我们当时在Waymo肯定正在经历那个阶段，但我意识到了这一点，我们知道我们正处于那个阶段。我们知道，尽管有很多其他自动驾驶公司，但我们知道技术差距是存在的。事实上，就在那一刻，当其他人怀疑Waymo的时候，我不知道，做出了更多投资Waymo的决定，对吧？因为在某些方面这有点反直觉，但我想，看，我们一直是一家深度技术公司，而Waymo是一种构建能良好工作的AI机器人的版本，所以我们会被那样的问题所吸引。那里的团队水平，是现象级的团队。所以我知道你非常密切地关注这个领域。我正在和一个非常了解这个领域的人交谈，但很明显，它会成功的，而且还有更多工作要做，但这是一个很好的例子，我们总是同时优先考虑雄心和安全，对吧？对两者都同样投入并努力推动，对它的运作方式、人们对体验的喜爱程度，我感到无比激动。今年，我们确实扩大了很多规模，我们将在26年继续扩大规模。

### Lex Fridman:

That said, the competition is heating up. You’ve been friendly with Elon
even though, technically, he’s a competitor, but you’ve been friendly
with a lot of tech CEOs, in that way, just showing respect towards them
and so on. What do you think about the Robotaxi efforts that Tesla is
doing? Do you see it as competition? What do you think? Do you like the
competition?

话虽如此，竞争正在升温。你和埃隆一直很友好，尽管从技术上讲，他是竞争对手，但你和很多科技公司的CEO都很友好，以那种方式，只是向他们表示尊重等等。你对特斯拉在Robotaxi方面的努力有何看法？你把它看作是竞争吗？你怎么看？你喜欢竞争吗？

### Sundar Pichai:

We are one of the earliest and biggest backers of SpaceX as Google,
right? So thrilled with what SpaceX is doing and fortunate to be
investors as a company there, right? We don’t compete with Tesla
directly. We are not making cars, et cetera, right? We are building L4,
5 autonomy. We are building a Waymo driver, which is general purpose and
can be used in many settings. They’re obviously working on making Tesla
self-driving too. I’ve just assumed it’s a de facto that Elon would
succeed in whatever it does. So that is not something I question, but I
think we are so far from… These spaces are such vast spaces. Like, I
think about transportation, the opportunity space, the Waymo driver is a
general purpose technology we can apply in many situations. So you have
a vast green space in all future scenarios, I see Tesla doing well and
Waymo doing well.

我们是SpaceX最早、最大的支持者之一，作为谷歌，对吧？所以对SpaceX所做的一切感到非常激动，也很幸运能作为公司投资者参与其中，对吧？我们不直接与特斯拉竞争。我们不生产汽车等等，对吧？我们正在构建L4、L5级别的自动驾驶。我们正在构建一个Waymo驱动程序，它是通用的，可以在许多场景中使用。他们显然也在努力使特斯拉实现自动驾驶。我一直认为埃隆在他做的任何事情上都会成功，这是一个既定事实。所以这一点我毫不怀疑，但我认为我们离……这些领域是如此广阔。比如，我思考交通运输，机会空间，Waymo驱动程序是一种通用技术，我们可以在许多情况下应用。所以在所有未来的情景中，你都有一个广阔的绿色空间，我看到特斯拉会做得很好，Waymo也会做得很好。

### Lex Fridman:

Like we mentioned with the Neolithic package, I think it’s very possible
that in the “AI package” when the history is written, autonomous
vehicles, self-driving cars is like the big thing that changes
everything. Imagine, over a period of a decade or two, just the complete
transition from manually-driven to autonomous, in ways we might not
predict, it might change the way we move about the world completely. So
the possibility of that and then the second and third order effects, as
you’re seeing now with Tesla, very possibly, would see some… Internally,
with Alphabet, maybe Waymo, maybe some of the Gemini robotics stuff, it
might lead you into the other domains of robotics because we should
remember that Waymo is a robot. So you said that the next big thing, we
can also throw that into AI package. The big aha moment might be in the
space of robotics. What do you think that would look like?

就像我们之前提到的新石器时代套餐，我认为很有可能，当历史被书写时，在“人工智能套餐”中，自动驾驶汽车会是改变一切的大事。想象一下，在一二十年的时间里，从手动驾驶到自动驾驶的完全过渡，以我们可能无法预测的方式，它可能会彻底改变我们移动的方式。所以，这种可能性以及随之而来的二阶和三阶效应，就像你现在看到的特斯拉一样，很可能会看到一些……在Alphabet内部，也许是Waymo，也许是Gemini机器人技术的一些东西，它可能会把你带入机器人技术的其他领域，因为我们应该记住Waymo是一个机器人。所以你说下一件大事，我们也可以把它扔进人工智能套餐。那个大的“啊哈”时刻可能是在机器人技术领域。你认为那会是什么样子？

### Sundar Pichai:

Demis and the Google DeepMind team is very focused on Gemini robotics,
right? So we are definitely building the underlying model as well. So we
have a lot of investments there, and I think we are also pretty
cutting-edge in our research there. So we are definitely driving that
direction. We obviously are thinking about applications in robotics.
We’ll kind of work CSD. We are partnering with a few companies today,
but it’s an area I would say stay tuned. We are yet to fully articulate
our plans outside, but it’s an area we are definitely committed to
driving a lot of progress. But I think AI ends up driving that massive
progress on robotics. The field has been held back for a while. I mean,
hardware has made extraordinary progress. The software had been the
challenge, but with AI now and the generalized models we are building,
we are building these models, getting them to work in the real world in
a safe way, in a generalized way is the frontier we are pushing pretty
hard on.

Demis和Google
DeepMind团队非常专注于Gemini机器人技术，对吧？所以我们肯定也在构建底层模型。我们在那里有很多投资，我认为我们的研究也处于相当前沿的水平。所以我们肯定在推动那个方向。我们显然在思考机器人的应用。我们会采用CSD（持续、系统、差异化）的工作方式。我们今天正在与几家公司合作，但这是一个我会说“敬请期待”的领域。我们还没有完全向外界阐述我们的计划，但这是一个我们肯定致力于推动大量进展的领域。但我认为人工智能最终会推动机器人技术的巨大进步。这个领域已经被搁置了一段时间。我的意思是，硬件取得了非凡的进步。软件一直是挑战，但现在有了人工智能和我们正在构建的通用模型，我们正在构建这些模型，让它们在现实世界中以安全、通用的方式工作，这是我们正在努力推动的前沿。

### Lex Fridman:

Well, it’s really nice to see the models and the different teams
integrated to where all of them are pushing towards one world model
that’s being built. So from all these different angles, multimodal,
you’re ultimately trying to get Gemini. So the same thing that would
make AI mode really effective in answering your questions, which
requires a kind of world model is the same kind of thing that would help
a robot be useful in the physical world. So everything’s aligned.

嗯，看到这些模型和不同的团队整合在一起，所有人都朝着一个正在构建的世界模型努力，这真的很好。所以从所有这些不同的角度，多模态，你最终都想得到Gemini。所以，让AI模式在回答你的问题时非常有效的东西，这需要一种世界模型，也正是能帮助机器人在物理世界中有用的东西。所以一切都对齐了。

### Sundar Pichai:

That is what makes this moment so unique because running, a company for
the first time, you can do one investment in a very deep horizontal way.
On top of it, you can drive multiple businesses forward, right? That’s
effectively what we are doing in Google and Alphabet, right?

这就是让这个时刻如此独特的原因，因为作为一家公司，你第一次可以以一种非常深入的横向方式进行一项投资。在此基础上，你可以推动多个业务向前发展，对吧？这实际上就是我们在谷歌和Alphabet正在做的事情，对吧？

### Lex Fridman:

Yeah, it’s all coming together. Like, it was planned ahead of time, but
it’s not, of course. It’s all distributed. I mean, if Gmail, and Sheets,
and all these other incredible services, I can sing Gmail praises for
years. I mean, just this revolutionized email. But the moment you start
to integrate AI Gemini into Gmail, I mean that’s the other thing,
speaking of productivity multiplier, people complain about email, but
that changed everything. Email, like the invention of email changed
everything, and it has been ripe. There’s been a few folks trying to
revolutionize email. Some of them on top of Gmail, but that’s like ripe
for innovation, not just spam filtering, but you demoed a really nice
demo of-

是的，一切都在融合。就像是事先计划好的一样，但当然不是。这一切都是分布式的。我的意思是，如果说Gmail、Sheets以及所有这些其他不可思议的服务，我可以赞美Gmail好几年。我的意思是，它彻底改变了电子邮件。但当你开始将AI
Gemini整合到Gmail中时，我的意思是，那是另一回事，说到生产力倍增器，人们抱怨电子邮件，但它改变了一切。电子邮件，就像电子邮件的发明一样，改变了一切，而且它已经成熟。有一些人试图彻底改变电子邮件。其中一些是在Gmail的基础上，但这就像是创新的成熟时机，不仅仅是垃圾邮件过滤，你还演示了一个非常好的……

### Sundar Pichai:

I think there’ll be important moments. Like, today, if you write a card
in your own handwriting and send it to someone, that’s a special thing.
Similarly, there’ll be a time, I mean, to your friends, maybe your
friend wrote and said he’s not doing well or something, those are
moments you want to save your times for writing something, reaching out.
But like saying, “Give me all the details of the trip you took to me
makes a lot of sense for AI assistant to help you.” Right? So I think
both are important, but I think I’m excited about that direction.

我认为会有一些重要时刻。比如，今天，如果你亲手写一张卡片寄给某人，那是一件特别的事。同样，也会有那么一个时候，我的意思是，对你的朋友，也许你的朋友写信说他过得不好之类的，那些是你想要留出时间来写点什么、伸出援手的时候。但像说，“把你旅行的所有细节都告诉我”，让人工智能助手来帮你，就很有意义了。对吧？所以我认为两者都很重要，但我对那个方向感到兴奋。

### Lex Fridman:

Yeah, I think, ultimately, it gives more time for us humans to do the
things we humans find meaningful. I think it scares a lot of people
because we’re going to have to ask ourselves the hard question of what
do we find meaningful? I’m sure there’s answers, and it’s the old
question of the meaning of existence. As you have to try to figure that
out, that might be ultimately parenting, or being creative in some
domains of art or writing, and it challenges to… It’s a good question of
to ask yourself like, “In my life, what is the thing that brings me most
joy and fulfillment?” If I’m able to actually focus more time on that,
that’s really powerful.

是的，我认为，归根结底，它给了我们人类更多的时间去做我们认为有意义的事情。我认为这吓坏了很多人，因为我们将不得不问自己一个难题：我们觉得什么有意义？我确定有答案，这是关于存在意义的老问题。当你必须去弄清楚这一点时，那最终可能是为人父母，或是在艺术或写作的某些领域进行创作，这挑战着……这是一个好问题，问自己：“在我的生活中，什么给我带来最大的快乐和成就感？”如果我能真正把更多时间专注于此，那真的很有力量。

### Sundar Pichai:

I think that’s the holy grail. If you get this right, I think it allows
more people to find that.

我认为那就是圣杯。如果你做对了，我认为它能让更多人找到那个。

## 编程 (Programming)

### Lex Fridman:

I have to ask you, on the programming front, AI is getting really good
at programming. Gemini, both the agentic and just the LLM has been
incredible, so a lot of programmers are really worried that they will
lose their jobs. How worried should they be, and how should they adjust
so they can be thriving in this new world, or more and more code is
written by AI?

我必须问你，在编程方面，人工智能正变得非常擅长。Gemini，无论是智能体还是大型语言模型，都令人难以置信，所以很多程序员非常担心他们会失业。他们应该有多担心，又该如何调整，才能在这个新世界中茁壮成长，或者说，当越来越多的代码由人工智能编写时？

### Sundar Pichai:

I think a few things. Looking at Google, we’ve given various stats
around 30% of code now uses AI- generated suggestions or whatever it is.
But the most important metric, and we carefully measure it is, like, how
much has our engineering velocity increased as a company due to AI,
right? It’s tough measure, and we rigorously try to measure it, and our
estimates are that number is now at 10%, right? Like, now, across the
company, we’ve accomplished a 10% engineering velocity increase using
AI, but we plan to hire more engineers next year, right? Because the
opportunity space of what we can do is expanding too, right? So I think,
hopefully, at least in the near to midterm, for many engineers, it frees
up more and more of the… Even in engineering and coding, there are
aspects which are so much fun. You’re designing. You’re architecting.
You’re solving a problem. There’s a lot of grant work, which all goes
hand in hand, but hopefully, it takes a lot of that away, makes it even
more fun to code,frees you up more time to create, problem, solve,
brainstorm with your fellow colleagues and so on, right? So that’s the
opportunity there. Second, I think it’ll attract, it’ll put the creative
power in more people’s hands, which means people will create more. That
means there’ll be more engineers doing more things. So it’s tough to
fully predict, but I think in general, in this moment, it feels like
people adopt these tools and be better programmers. Like, there are more
people playing chess now than ever before, right? So it feels positive
that way, to me, at least, speaking from within a Google context, is how
I would talk to them about it.

我想有几点。看看谷歌，我们给出了各种统计数据，大约30%的代码现在使用了AI生成的建议之类的。但最重要的指标，我们仔细衡量的是，作为一家公司，我们的工程速度因AI提高了多少，对吧？这很难衡量，我们严格地去衡量它，我们的估计是，这个数字现在是10%，对吧？就像，现在，在整个公司，我们使用AI实现了10%的工程速度提升，但我们计划明年招聘更多的工程师，对吧？因为我们能做的事情的机会空间也在扩大，对吧？所以我想，希望，至少在中短期内，对许多工程师来说，它解放了越来越多的……即使在工程和编码中，也有一些方面非常有趣。你在设计。你在架构。你在解决一个问题。有很多繁琐的工作，所有这些都相辅相成，但希望，它能带走很多那样的东西，让编码变得更有趣，解放你更多的时间去创造、解决问题、和你的同事们头脑风暴等等，对吧？所以机会就在那里。其次，我认为它会吸引，它会把创造力交到更多人手中，这意味着人们会创造更多。这意味着会有更多的工程师做更多的事情。所以很难完全预测，但我想总的来说，在这一刻，感觉人们会采用这些工具，成为更好的程序员。就像，现在下棋的人比以往任何时候都多，对吧？所以对我来说，至少，从谷歌内部的角度来说，这感觉是积极的，我就是这样跟他们谈论的。

### Lex Fridman:

Still. I just know anecdotally, a lot of great programmers are
generating a lot of code, so their productivity, they’re not always
using all the code. There’s still a lot of editing, but even for me,
still programming as a side thing, I think I’m like 5x more productive.
I think even for a large code base that’s touching a lot of users like
Google’s does, I’m imagining, very soon, that productivity should be
going up even more.

还是。我只是从传闻中得知，很多优秀的程序员正在生成大量代码，所以他们的生产力，他们并不总是使用所有代码。仍然有很多编辑工作，但即使对我来说，编程仍然是副业，我认为我的生产力提高了大约5倍。我认为即使是像谷歌那样触及大量用户的大型代码库，我想象，很快，生产力应该会进一步提高。

### Sundar Pichai:

No. The big unlock will be as we make the agentic capabilities much more
robust, right? I think that’s what unlocks that next big wave. I think
the 10% is a massive number. Like, if tomorrow, I showed up and said,
“You can improve a large organization’s productivity by 10%,” when you
have tens of thousands of engineers, that’s a phenomenal number, and
that’s different than what other site or statistic saying like, “This
percentage of code is now written by AI.” I’m talking more about, like,
overall- The actual productivity. The actual productivity. Right?
Engineering productivity, which is two different things, which is the
more important metric, but I think it’ll get better, right? I think
there’s no engineer who, tomorrow, if you magically became 2x more
productive, it’s just going to create more things. You’re going to
create more value-added things, and so I think you’ll find more
satisfaction in your job, right?

不。大的解锁将发生在我们使智能体能力更加强大的时候，对吧？我认为那才是解锁下一波浪潮的关键。我认为10%是一个巨大的数字。比如，如果我明天出现说，“你可以将一个大型组织的生产力提高10%”，当你有成千上万的工程师时，那是一个惊人的数字，这与其他网站或统计数据所说的“现在有这个百分比的代码是由AI编写的”是不同的。我更多地是在谈论，比如，整体的——实际的生产力。实际的生产力。对吧？工程生产力，这是两个不同的东西，也是更重要的指标，但我想它会变得更好，对吧？我想没有哪个工程师，如果明天你神奇地变得生产力提高了2倍，他只会创造更多的东西。你会创造更多增值的东西，所以我认为你会在工作中找到更多的满足感，对吧？

### Lex Fridman:

There’s a lot of aspects. I mean, the actual Google code base might just
improve because it’ll become more standardized, more easier for people
to move about the code base because AI will help with that, and
therefore, that will also allow the AI to understand the entire code
base better, which makes the engineering aspect. So I’ve been using
Cursor a lot as a way to program with Gemini and other models. One of
its powerful things is it’s aware of the entire code base, and that
allows you to ask questions of it. It allows the agents to move about
that code base in a really powerful way. I mean, that’s a huge unlock.

有很多方面。我的意思是，谷歌的实际代码库可能会得到改善，因为它会变得更加标准化，人们更容易在代码库中移动，因为AI会帮助解决这个问题，因此，这也将使AI能够更好地理解整个代码库，这使得工程方面……所以我一直在大量使用Cursor作为一种与Gemini和其他模型编程的方式。它的一个强大之处在于它能感知整个代码库，这让你能向它提问。它允许智能体以一种非常强大的方式在那个代码库中移动。我的意思是，那是一个巨大的解锁。

### Sundar Pichai:

Think about, like, migrations, refactoring old code bases. Yeah. Yeah. I
mean, think about once we can do all this in a much better, more robust
way than where we are today.

想想看，比如迁移、重构旧代码库。是的。是的。我的意思是，想想看，一旦我们能比现在做得更好、更稳健地完成所有这些事情。

### Lex Fridman:

I think in the end, everything will be written in JavaScript and run in
Chrome. I think it’s all going to that direction. I mean, just for fun,
Google has legendary coding interviews, like rigorous interviews for the
engineers. Can you comment on how that has changed in the era of AI?
It’s just such a weird… The whiteboard interview, I assume, is not
allowed to have some prompts.

我认为最终，一切都会用JavaScript编写，并在Chrome中运行。我认为一切都在朝那个方向发展。我的意思是，开个玩笑，谷歌有传奇的编码面试，就像对工程师进行严格的面试一样。你能评论一下，在人工智能时代，这有什么变化吗？这真的很奇怪……白板面试，我想，是不允许有提示的。

### Sundar Pichai:

Such a good question. Look, we are making sure we’ll introduce at least
one round of in-person interviews for people just to make sure the
fundamentals are there. I think they’ll end up being important, but it’s
an equally important skill. Look, if you can use these tools to generate
better code, I think that’s an asset. So overall, I think it’s a massive
positive.

真是个好问题。你看，我们正在确保为人们引入至少一轮的现场面试，只是为了确保他们的基础知识是扎实的。我认为这最终会很重要，但这也是一项同等重要的技能。你看，如果你能使用这些工具来生成更好的代码，我认为那是一种资产。所以总的来说，我认为这是一个巨大的积极因素。

### Lex Fridman:

Vibe coding engineer, do you recommend people, students interested in
programming still get an education in computer science in college
education? What do you think?

对于“氛围编程”工程师，你是否建议对编程感兴趣的人，特别是学生，仍然在大学接受计算机科学教育？你怎么看？

### Sundar Pichai:

I do. If you have a passion for computer science, I would. Computer
science is obviously a lot more than programming alone, so I would. I
still don’t think I would change what you pursue. I think AI will
horizontally allow impact every field. It’s pretty tough to predict in
what ways. So any education in which you’re learning good first
principles thinking, I think, is good education.

我会。如果你对计算机科学有热情，我会的。计算机科学显然远不止编程本身，所以我会的。我仍然不认为我会改变你追求的东西。我认为人工智能将横向地影响每个领域。很难预测会以何种方式。所以任何让你学习良好的第一性原理思维的教育，我认为，都是好的教育。

## 安卓系统 (Android)

### Lex Fridman:

You’ve revolutionized web browsing. You’ve revolutionized a lot of
things over the years. Android changed the game. It’s an incredible
operating system. We could talk for hours about Android. What does the
future of Android look like? Is it possible it becomes more and more
AI-centric, especially now you throw into the mix, Android XR, with
being able to do augmented reality, and mixed reality, and virtual
reality in the physical world?

你彻底改变了网页浏览。多年来，你彻底改变了很多事情。安卓改变了游戏规则。这是一个不可思议的操作系统。我们可以谈论安卓好几个小时。安卓的未来会是什么样子？它是否可能变得越来越以人工智能为中心，特别是现在你加入了安卓XR，能够在物理世界中实现增强现实、混合现实和虚拟现实？

### Sundar Pichai:

The best innovations in computing have come through a paradigm IO
change, right? When with GUI, and then with a graphical user interface,
and then with multi-touch in the context of mobile voice later on.
Similarly, I feel like AR is that next paradigm. I think it was held
back. Both the system integration challenges of making good AR is very,
very hard. The second thing is you need AI to actually kind of…
Otherwise, the IO is too complicated for you to have a natural seamless
IO to that paradigm. AI ends up being super important, and so this is
why Project Astra ends up being super critical for that Android XR
world. But it is. I think when you use glasses and… Always been amazed
at how useful these things are going to be. So look, I think it’s a real
opportunity for Android. I think XR is one way it’ll kind of really come
to life, but I think there’s an opportunity to rethink the mobile OS
too, right? I think we’ve been kind of living in this paradigm of apps
and shortcuts. All that won’t go away. But again, if you’re trying to
get stuff done at an operating system level, it needs to be more agentic
so that you can kind of describe what you want to do or it proactively
understands what you’re trying to do, learns from how you’re doing
things over and over again and kind of as adapting to you all. That is
kind of like the unlock we need to go and do.

计算领域最伟大的创新都是通过输入输出（IO）范式的变革而来的，对吧？从图形用户界面（GUI），到后来的移动语音环境下的多点触控。同样，我觉得增强现实（AR）就是下一个范式。我认为它之前受到了阻碍。打造好的AR，系统集成的挑战非常、非常大。第二点是，你需要AI来……否则，输入输出会过于复杂，你无法拥有一个自然无缝的IO来接入那个范式。AI最终变得至关重要，这就是为什么Astra项目对于Android
XR世界如此关键。但事实如此。我认为当你使用眼镜时……我一直对这些东西将会有多大用处感到惊讶。所以你看，我认为这对Android来说是一个真正的机会。我认为XR是它真正焕发生命力的一种方式，但我也认为这也是一个重新思考移动操作系统的机会，对吧？我们一直生活在应用程序和快捷方式的范式中。所有这些都不会消失。但同样，如果你想在操作系统层面完成事情，它需要更具智能体性，这样你就可以描述你想做什么，或者它能主动理解你正在尝试做什么，从你反复做的事情中学习，并不断适应你。这就像我们需要去解锁的东西。

### Lex Fridman:

Well, the basic efficient minimalist UI. I’ve gotten a chance to try the
glasses and they’re incredible. It’s the little stuff. It’s hard to put
into words, but no latency. It just works. Even that little map demo,
where you look down and you look up, and there’s a very smooth
transition between the two, and very small amount of useful information
is shown to you, enough not to distract from the world outside, but
enough to provide a bit of context when you need it. In order to bring
that into reality, you have to solve a lot of the OS problems to make
sure it works when you’re integrating the AI into the whole thing. So
everything you do launches an agent that answers some basic question.

嗯，那个基本高效的极简用户界面。我有机会试戴了那副眼镜，它们太不可思议了。都是些小细节。很难用语言形容，但没有延迟。它就是能用。即使是那个小小的地图演示，你向下看，再向上看，两者之间过渡非常平滑，而且只显示了非常少量的有用信息，既不会分散你对外部世界的注意力，又能在你需要时提供一些背景。为了实现这一点，你必须解决很多操作系统的问题，以确保当你将人工智能整合到整个系统中时，它能够正常工作。所以你做的每一件事都会启动一个智能体来回答一些基本问题。

### Sundar Pichai:

Good moonshot, you know?

很好的登月计划，你知道吗？

### Lex Fridman:

Yeah, it’s crazy. I love it. But I think we are, but it’s much closer to
reality than other moonshots. We expect to have classes in the hands of
developers later this year and in consumer science next year. So it’s an
exciting time.

是的，太疯狂了。我喜欢。但我想我们是，但它比其他登月计划更接近现实。我们预计今年晚些时候将向开发者提供课程，明年将在消费科学领域提供。所以这是一个激动人心的时刻。

### Sundar Pichai:

Yeah, well, extremely well-executed beam, all this stuff, because
sometimes you don’t know. Like, somebody commented on a top comment on
one of the demos of Beam. They said, “This will either be killed off in
five weeks or revolutionize all meetings in five years.” And there’s
very much, Google tries so many things, and sometimes, sadly, kills off
very promising projects. But because there’s so many other things to
focus on. I use so many Google products. Google Voice, I still use. I’m
so glad that’s not being killed off. That’s still alive. Thank you,
whoever is defending that, because it’s awesome, and it’s great. They
keep innovating. I just want to list off, just as a big thank you, so
Search, obviously, Google revolutionized, Chrome, and all of these could
be multi-hour conversations. Gmail, I’ve been singing Gmail praises
forever. Maps, incredible technological innovation on revolutionizing
mapping. Android, like we talked about. YouTube, like we talked about.
AdSense, Google Translate for the academic mind… Google Scholar is
incredible. And also the scanning of the books. So making all the
world’s knowledge accessible, even with that knowledge is a kind of
niche thing, which Google Scholar is. And then obviously with DeepMind,
with AlphaZero, AlphaFold and AlphaEvolve, I could talk forever about
AlphaEvolve. That’s mind-blowing. All of that released. And as part of
that set of things you’ve released in this year when those brilliant
articles were written about Google is done. And like we talked about,
pioneering self-driving cars and quantum computing, which could be
another thing that is low-key that’s scuba diving its way to changing
the world forever. So another pothead/ question. If you build AGI, what
kind of question would you ask it? What would you want to talk about?
Definitively, Google has created AGI that can basically answer any
question. What topic are you going to? Where are you going?

是的，嗯，执行得非常好的beam，所有这些东西，因为有时候你不知道。就像，有人在Beam的一个演示的热门评论中评论道。他们说：“这要么在五周内被砍掉，要么在五年内彻底改变所有会议。”谷歌确实如此，尝试了很多东西，但有时，可悲的是，会砍掉非常有前途的项目。但因为还有很多其他事情要关注。我用了很多谷歌产品。谷歌语音，我还在用。我很高兴它没有被砍掉。它还活着。谢谢你，不管是谁在捍卫它，因为它太棒了，太伟大了。他们不断创新。我只想列举一下，作为一声大大的感谢，所以搜索，显然，谷歌彻底改变了，Chrome，所有这些都可以是长达数小时的对话。Gmail，我一直在赞美Gmail。地图，在彻底改变地图绘制方面的不可思议的技术创新。安卓，就像我们谈到的。YouTube，就像我们谈到的。AdSense，谷歌翻译，对于学术头脑……谷歌学术搜索是不可思议的。还有图书扫描。所以让世界上所有的知识都可以获取，即使那些知识是像谷歌学术搜索这样的利基东西。然后显然是DeepMind，有AlphaZero、AlphaFold和AlphaEvolve，我可以永远谈论AlphaEvolve。那真是令人震撼。所有这些都发布了。作为你在今年发布的那些东西的一部分，当时那些精彩的文章写道，谷歌已经完了。就像我们谈到的，开创自动驾驶汽车和量子计算，这可能是另一件低调的事情，它正在以潜水的方式永远改变世界。所以另一个瘾君子/问题。如果你构建了AGI，你会问它什么样的问题？你想谈论什么？明确地说，谷歌已经创造了AGI，它基本上可以回答任何问题。你要去哪个话题？你要去哪里？

## 向AGI提问 (Questions for AGI)

### Sundar Pichai:

It’s a great question. Maybe it’s proactive by then and should tell me a
few things I should know. But I think if I were to ask it, I think it’ll
help us understand ourselves much better in a way that’ll surprise us, I
think. And so maybe that, you already see people do it with the
products, but in a AGI context, I think that’ll be pretty powerful.

这是一个很好的问题。也许到那时它会主动告诉我一些我应该知道的事情。但我想，如果我要问它，我认为它会帮助我们以一种会让我们惊讶的方式更好地了解自己。所以也许是这个，你已经看到人们用产品来做这件事了，但在AGI的背景下，我认为那会非常强大。

### Lex Fridman:

On a personal level, or a general human nature?

是个人层面，还是普遍的人性层面？

### Sundar Pichai:

At a personal level.

在个人层面上。

### Lex Fridman:

Okay.

好的。

### Sundar Pichai:

So you talking to AGI, I think there is some chance it’ll understand you
in a very deep way, I think in a profound way, that’s a possibility. I
think there is also the obvious thing of maybe it helps us understand
the universe better in a way that expands the frontiers of our
understanding of the world. That is something super exciting. But look,
I really don’t know. I think I haven’t had access to something that
powerful yet, but I think those are all possibilities.

所以你和AGI对话，我想它有可能会以一种非常深刻的方式理解你，我认为是以一种深刻的方式，那是一种可能性。我想还有一种显而易见的事情，也许它能帮助我们更好地理解宇宙，以一种拓展我们对世界理解前沿的方式。那是非常令人兴奋的事情。但你看，我真的不知道。我想我还没有接触过那么强大的东西，但我认为那些都是可能性。

### Lex Fridman:

I think on the personal level, asking questions about yourself, a
sequence of questions like that about what makes me happy, I think we
would be very surprised to learn through a sequence of questions and
answers, we might explore some profound truths in a way that sometimes
art reveals to us, great books reveal to us, great conversations with
loved ones reveal. Things that are obvious in retrospect, but are nice
when they’re said. But for me, number one question is about, how many
alien civilizations are there? 100%.

我认为在个人层面上，问一些关于自己的问题，比如一系列关于什么让我快乐的问题，我想我们会非常惊讶地通过一系列问答了解到，我们可能会以一种艺术、伟大的书籍、与爱人的精彩对话有时向我们揭示的方式，探索一些深刻的真理。这些事情事后看来是显而易见的，但说出来时却很美好。但对我来说，第一大问题是，有多少个外星文明？百分之百。

### Sundar Pichai:

That’s going to be your first question?

那会是你的第一个问题吗？

### Lex Fridman:

Number one, how many living and dead alien civilizations? Maybe a bunch
of follow-ups, like how close are they? Are they dangerous? If there’s
no alien civilizations, why? Or if there’s no advanced alien
civilizations, but bacteria-like life everywhere. Why? What is the
barrier preventing it from getting to that? Is it because that when you
get sufficiently intelligent, you end up destroying ourselves, because
you need competition in order to develop an advanced civilization. And
when you have competition it’s going to lead to military conflict, and
conflict eventually kills everybody. I don’t know, I’m going to have
that kind of discussion.

第一，有多少个活着的和已经灭亡的外星文明？也许还有一系列后续问题，比如它们有多近？它们危险吗？如果没有外星文明，为什么？或者如果没有先进的外星文明，但到处都是细菌一样的生命。为什么？阻止它发展的障碍是什么？是不是因为当你变得足够聪明时，你最终会自我毁灭，因为你需要竞争才能发展出先进的文明。而当你有竞争时，就会导致军事冲突，冲突最终会杀死所有人。我不知道，我将进行那样的讨论。

### Sundar Pichai:

Get an answer to the Fermi Paradox, yeah.

是的，得到费米悖论的答案。

### Lex Fridman:

Exactly. And have a real discussion about it. I’m realizing now with
your answer is a more productive answer, because I’m not sure what I’m
going to do with that information. But maybe it speaks to the general
human curiosity that Liz talked about, that we’re all just really
curious, and making the world’s information accessible allows our
curiosity to be satiated some with AI even more, we can be more and more
curious and learn more about the world, about ourselves. And in so
doing, I always wonder, I don’t know if you can comment on, is it
possible to measure the, not the GDP productivity increase like we
talked about, but maybe whatever that increases, the breadth and depth
of human knowledge that Google has unlocked with Google Search, and now
with AI mode with Gemini, it’s a difficult thing to measure.

完全正确。并且进行一次真正的讨论。我现在意识到，你的回答是一个更具建设性的答案，因为我不确定我将如何处理那些信息。但也许它反映了利兹所谈到的普遍的人类好奇心，我们都只是非常好奇，而让世界的信息触手可及，让我们的好奇心在一定程度上得到满足，有了人工智能，我们甚至可以变得越来越好奇，更多地了解世界，了解我们自己。这样做的时候，我总是想知道，我不知道你是否可以评论一下，是否有可能衡量，不是我们谈到的GDP生产力的增长，而是谷歌通过谷歌搜索，以及现在通过Gemini的AI模式，所解锁的人类知识的广度和深度，这很难衡量。

### Sundar Pichai:

Many years ago there was, I think it was a MIT study, they just
estimated the impact of Google Search. And they basically said it’s the
equivalent to, on a per person basis, it’s few thousands of dollars per
year per person, like is the value that got created per year. But yeah,
it’s tough to capture these things, right? You kind of take it for
granted as these things come, and the frontier keeps moving. But how do
you measure the value of something like AlphaFold over time, and so on?

很多年前，我想是麻省理工学院的一项研究，他们只是估计了谷歌搜索的影响。他们基本上说，这相当于，按人均计算，每年每人几千美元，就像每年创造的价值一样。但是，是的，很难捕捉到这些东西，对吧？随着这些东西的出现，你有点理所当然地认为，前沿在不断移动。但你如何衡量像AlphaFold这样的东西随着时间的推移的价值，等等？

### Lex Fridman:

And also the increasing quality of life when you learn more. I have to
say with some of the programming I do done by AI, for some reason I’m
more excited to program.

还有，当你学到更多东西时，生活质量也会提高。我得说，对于我做的那些由AI完成的编程，出于某种原因，我更兴奋去编程了。

### Sundar Pichai:

Yeah.

是的。

### Lex Fridman:

And so the same with knowledge, with discovering things about the world,
it makes you more excited to be alive. It makes you more curious, and
the more curious, you are more exciting it is to live and experience the
world. And it’s very hard to… I don’t know if that makes you more
productive. Probably not nearly as much as it makes you happy to be
alive. And that’s a hard thing to measure, the quality of life increases
some of these things do. As AI continues to get better and better at
everything that humans do, what do you think is the biggest thing that
makes us humans special?

所以，知识也一样，发现世界上的事物，会让你对活着更感到兴奋。它让你更好奇，而你越好奇，生活和体验世界就越令人兴奋。这很难……我不知道这是否让你更有生产力。可能远不如它让你对活着感到快乐。而衡量这一点很难，生活质量的提高，其中一些事情确实如此。随着人工智能在人类所做的一切事情上变得越来越好，你认为什么才是让我们人类与众不同的最大特质？

## 人类的未来 (Future of humanity)

### Sundar Pichai:

Look, I think the essence of humanity, there’s something about the
consciousness we have, what makes us uniquely human, maybe the lines
will blur over time. And it’s tough to articulate. But I hope, hopefully
we live in a world where if you make resources more plentiful and make
the world lesser of a zero-sum game over time, which it’s not, but in a
resource constrained environment, people perceive it to be. And so I
hope the values of what makes us uniquely human, empathy, kindness, all
that surfaces more is the aspirational hope I have.

看，我认为人性的本质，在于我们拥有的意识，那让我们独一无二地成为人类的东西，也许随着时间的推移，界限会变得模糊。这很难说清楚。但我希望，希望我们生活在一个，如果你让资源更丰富，让世界随着时间推移不再是零和游戏，虽然它本来就不是，但在资源受限的环境中，人们会这样认为。所以我希望，那些让我们独一无二地成为人类的价值观，同理心、善良，所有这些都能更多地浮现出来，这是我抱有的愿景。

### Lex Fridman:

Yeah, it multiplies the compassion, but also the curiosity, just the
banter, the debates we’ll have about the meaning of it all. And I also
think in the scientific domains, all the incredible work that DeepMind
is doing, I think we’ll still continue to play, to explore scientific
questions, mathematical questions, physics questions, even as AI gets
better and better at helping us solve some of the questions. Sometimes
the question itself is a really difficult thing.

是的，它倍增了同情心，也倍增了好奇心，就是那些关于这一切意义的闲聊、辩论。我也认为在科学领域，DeepMind正在做的所有不可思议的工作，我认为我们仍将继续探索，探索科学问题、数学问题、物理问题，即使人工智能在帮助我们解决一些问题方面变得越来越好。有时，问题本身就是一件非常困难的事情。

### Sundar Pichai:

Both the right new questions to ask and the answers to them and the
self-discovery process, which it’ll drive, I think. Our early work with
both co-scientist and AlphaEvolve, just super exciting to see.

我认为，它将推动我们提出正确的新问题、找到它们的答案以及自我发现的过程。我们早期与“协同科学家”（co-scientist）和AlphaEvolve的合作，看到这些真是太令人兴奋了。

### Lex Fridman:

What gives you hope about the future of human civilization.

是什么让你对人类文明的未来充满希望？

### Sundar Pichai:

I’m an optimist, and I look at, if you were to say you take the journey
of human civilization, we have relentlessly made the world better in
many ways. At any given moment in time, there are big issues to work
through it may look, but I always ask myself the question, would you
have been born now or any other time in the past? I most often, not most
often, almost always would rather be born now. And so that’s the
extraordinary thing the human civilization has accomplished, and we’ve
kind of constantly made the world a better place. And so something tells
me as humanity, we always rise collectively to drive that frontier
forward. So I expect it to be no different in the future.

我是一个乐观主义者，我看待事物的方式是，如果你审视人类文明的旅程，我们在很多方面都坚持不懈地让世界变得更美好。在任何特定的时刻，看起来都有很多大问题需要解决，但我总是问自己一个问题：你愿意出生在现在，还是过去的任何其他时间？我大多数时候，不，几乎总是，宁愿出生在现在。这就是人类文明所取得的非凡成就，我们一直在不断地让世界变得更美好。所以，冥冥之中我觉得，作为人类，我们总会集体崛起，推动那个前沿向前发展。所以我期望未来也不会有什么不同。

### Lex Fridman:

I agree with you totally. I’m truly grateful to be alive in this moment.
And I’m also really excited for the future, and the work you and the
incredible teams here are doing is one of the big reasons I’m excited
for the future. So thank you. Thank you for all the cool products you’ve
built. And please don’t kill Google Voice. Thank you, Sundar.

我完全同意你的看法。我真的很高兴能活在当下。我也对未来感到非常兴奋，而你和这里不可思议的团队所做的工作，是我对未来感到兴奋的重要原因之一。所以，谢谢你。谢谢你打造了所有这些酷炫的产品。还有，请不要砍掉Google
Voice。谢谢你，桑达尔。

### Sundar Pichai:

We won’t. Yeah.

我们不会的。是的。

### Lex Fridman:

Thank you for talking today. This was incredible. Thank you.

感谢你今天的谈话。这太不可思议了。谢谢你。

### Sundar Pichai:

Real pleasure. Appreciate it.

非常荣幸。感谢。

## 演示：谷歌光束 (Demo: Google Beam)

### Lex Fridman:

Thanks for listening to this conversation with Sundar Pichai. To support
this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description or at
lexfridman.com/sponsors. Shortly before this conversation, I got a
chance to get a couple of demos that frankly blew my mind. The
engineering was really impressive. The first demo was Google Beam, and
the second demo was the XR glasses. And some of it was caught on video,
so I thought I would include here some of those video clips.

感谢收听这次与桑达尔·皮查伊的对话。为了支持这个播客，请查看描述中的赞助商或访问
lexfridman.com/sponsors。在这次对话前不久，我有幸体验了几个演示，坦率地说，它们让我大开眼界。工程技术非常令人印象深刻。第一个演示是谷歌光束（Google
Beam），第二个是XR眼镜。其中一些被录了下来，所以我想在这里附上一些视频片段。

### Andrew:

Hey Lex, my name’s Andrew. I lead the Google Beam team and we’re going
to be excited to show you a demo. We’re going to show you, I think, a
glimpse of something new. So that’s the idea, a way to connect, a way to
feel present from anywhere with anybody you care about. Here’s Google
Beam. This is a development platform that we’ve built. So there’s a
prototype here of Google Beam. There’s one right down the hallway. I’m
going to go down and turn that on in a second. We’re going to experience
it together. We’ll be back in the same room.

嗨，莱克斯，我叫安德鲁。我负责谷歌Beam团队，我们很高兴能给你展示一个演示。我想，我们将向你展示一些新东西的一瞥。这就是我们的想法，一种连接的方式，一种让你在任何地方都能感受到与你关心的人在一起的方式。这就是谷歌Beam。这是我们构建的一个开发平台。所以这里有一个谷歌Beam的原型。走廊那边还有一个。我马上就去打开它。我们将一起体验它。我们很快就会回到同一个房间。

### Lex Fridman:

Wonderful. Whoa. Okay. Hey Lex, here we are. All right. This is real
already. Wow. This is real. Wow. So you can feel the depth of this.
Yeah, great to meet you. Wow. So for people who probably can’t even
imagine what this looks like, there’s a 3D version. It looks real. You
look real. Yeah. It looks to me. It looks real to you. It looks like
you’re coming out of the screen. We quickly believe once we’re in Beam
that we’re just together. You settle into it. Yeah. You’re naturally
attuned to seeing the world like this, and you just get used to seeing
people this way, but literally from anywhere in the world with these
magic screens. This is incredible. That’s right. I know it’s kind of
late in the day too. So I brought you a snack just in case you’re a
little bit hungry. So can you push it farther and it just becomes- Yeah.
Let’s try to float it between rooms. It kind of fades it from my room
into yours. And then you see my hand. The depth of my hand. Yeah, of
course. Yes. Wow. Of course, yeah. It feels like you… Try this, try give
me a high five. And there’s almost a sensation of being in touch. Yes.
You almost feel. Yes. Because you’re so attuned to that should be a high
five, it feeling like you could connect with somebody that way. Yeah. So
it’s kind of a magical experience. Oh, this is really nice. How much
does it cost? Yeah. We’ve got a lot of companies testing it. We just
announced that we’re going to be bringing it to offices soon as a set of
products. We’ve got some companies helping us build these screens. But
eventually, I think this will be in almost every screen. There’s
nothing, I’m not wearing anything. Well, I’m wearing a suit and tie to
clarify, I am wearing clothes. This is not CGI. But outside of that,
cool. And the audio is really good. And you can see me in the same
three-dimensional way. Yeah, the audio is spatialized. So if I’m talking
from here, of course it sounds like I’m talking from here. If I move to
the other side of the room to here. Wow. So these little subtle cues,
these really matter to bring people together, all the non-verbals, all
the emotion, the things that are lost today. Here it is. We put it back
into the system. You pulled this off. Holy shit, they pulled it off. And
integrated into this, I saw the translation also. This is the- Yeah,
we’ve got a bunch of things. Let me show you a couple kind of cool
things. Let’s do a little bit of work together. Maybe we could critique
one of your latest videos. So you and I work together, so of course
we’re in the same room. But with the super power, I can bring other
things in here with me. And it’s nice. It’s like we could sit together,
we could watch something. We could work. We’ve shared meals as a team
together in this system. But once you do the presence aspect of this,
you want to bring some other superpowers to it. Wow. And so you could do
review code together. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I’ve got some slides I’m
working on. Maybe you could help me with this. Keep your eyes on me for
a second. I’ll slide back into the center. I didn’t really move. But the
system just kind of puts us in the right spot and knows where we need to
be. Oh, so you just turned to your laptop, the system moves you, and
then it does the overlay automatically. It kind of warps the room to put
things in the spot that they need to be in. Yeah. Everything has a place
in the room, everything has a sense of presence or spatial consistency.
And that makes it feel like we’re together with us and other things. I
should also say, you’re not just three-dimensional, it feels like you’re
leaning out of the screen, you’re coming out of the screen. You’re not
just in that world three-dimensionaly. Yeah, exactly. Holy crap. Move
back to center. Okay. Let me tell you how this works. You probably
already have the premise of it. But there’s two things, two really hard
things that we put together. One is a AI video model. So there’s a set
of cameras, you asked about those earlier. There’s six color cameras,
just like webcams that we have today, taking video streams and feeding
them into our AI model and turning that into a 3D video of you and I.
It’s effectively a light field. So it’s kind of an interactive 3D video
that you can see from any perspective. That’s transmitted over to the
second thing. And that’s a light field display. And it’s happening
bidirectionally. I see you and you see me both in our light field
displays. These are effectively flat televisions or flat displays, but
they have the sense of dimensionality, depth, size is correct. You can
see shadows and lighting are correct. And everything’s correct from your
vantage point. So if you move around ever so slightly, and I hold still,
you see a different perspective here. You see kind of things that were
included become revealed. You see shadows that move in the way they
should move. All of that’s computed and generated using our AI video
model for you. It’s based on your eye position, where does the right
scene need to be placed in this light field display for you just to feel
present? It’s real time. No latency. I’m not seeing latency. You weren’t
freezing up at all. No, no, I hope not. I think it’s you and I together
real time. That’s what you need for real communication. And at a quality
level it’s realistic. This is awesome. Is it possible to do three
people? Is that going to move that way also? Yeah. Let me kind of show
you. So if she enters the room with us, you can see her, you can see me.
And if we had more people, you eventually lose a sense of presence. You
kind of shrink people down. You lose a sense of scale. So think of it as
the window fits a certain number of people. If you want to fit a big
group of people, you want the boardroom or the big room, you need a much
wider window. If you want to see just grandma and the kids, you can do
smaller windows. So everybody has a seat at the table, or everybody has
a sense of where they belong, and there’s this sense of presence that’s
obeyed. If you have too many people, you kind of go back to 2D metaphors
that we’re used to people in tiles placed anywhere. For the image I’m
seeing, did you have to get scanned? I mean, I see you without being
scanned. So it’s just so much easier if you don’t have to wear anything.
You don’t have to pre-scan. Yeah. And you just do it the way it’s
supposed to happen without anybody having to learn anything or put
anything on. I thought you had to solve the scanning problem. But here
you don’t. It’s just cameras. Its just vision. That’s right. It’s video.
Yeah, we’re not trying to make an approximation of you, because
everything you do every day matters. I cut myself shaving, I put on a
pin. All the little kind of aspects of you, those just happen. We don’t
have the time to scan or kind of capture those or dress avatars. We kind
of appear as we appear. And so all that’s transmitted truthfully as it’s
happening.

太棒了。哇。好的。嗨，莱克斯，我们到了。好的。这已经很真实了。哇。这是真的。哇。所以你能感觉到这个的深度。是的，很高兴见到你。哇。所以对于那些可能无法想象这看起来是什么样子的人来说，这是一个3D版本。它看起来很真实。你看起来很真实。是的。在我看来。在你看来也很真实。感觉你像是从屏幕里走出来一样。一旦我们进入Beam，我们很快就会相信我们就在一起。你慢慢适应了。是的。你天生就习惯于这样看世界，你就习惯于这样看人，但实际上，通过这些神奇的屏幕，你可以从世界任何地方看到。这太不可思议了。没错。我知道今天也挺晚的了。所以我给你带了点零食，以防你有点饿。所以你能把它推得更远，然后它就变成了——是的。我们试试让它在房间之间漂浮。它有点从我的房间淡入到你的房间。然后你看到我的手。我手的深度。是的，当然。是的。哇。当然，是的。感觉就像你……试试这个，给我击个掌。几乎有一种接触的感觉。是的。你几乎能感觉到。是的。因为你太习惯于那应该是一次击掌了，感觉就像你可以那样和某人建立联系。是的。所以这是一种神奇的体验。哦，这真的很好。它要多少钱？是的。我们有很多公司在测试它。我们刚刚宣布，我们将很快把它作为一系列产品带到办公室。我们有一些公司在帮助我们制造这些屏幕。但最终，我认为这会出现在几乎每一个屏幕上。没什么，我什么都没穿。嗯，我穿着西装打着领带，澄清一下，我穿着衣服。这不是CGI。但除此之外，很酷。音频也很好。你也能以同样的三维方式看到我。是的，音频是空间化的。所以如果我从这里说话，当然听起来像是我从这里说话。如果我移动到房间的另一边到这里。哇。所以这些细微的线索，这些对于把人们聚集在一起非常重要，所有的非语言交流、所有的情感、今天丢失的东西。都在这里。我们把它放回了系统里。你做到了。天哪，他们做到了。而且，我看到翻译也整合进来了。这是——是的，我们有很多东西。我给你看几个很酷的东西。我们一起做点工作吧。也许我们可以评论一下你最新的一个视频。所以你和我一起工作，所以我们当然在同一个房间。但有了这个超能力，我可以带其他东西进来。这很好。就像我们可以坐在一起，看点东西。我们可以工作。我们作为一个团队在这个系统里一起吃过饭。但一旦你做到了这种临场感，你就会想给它带来一些其他的超能力。哇。所以你们可以一起审查代码。是的，是的，完全正确。我有一些幻灯片正在做。也许你能帮我一下。你先看着我一会儿。我会滑回中心。我其实没动。但系统只是把我们放在了正确的位置，知道我们需要在哪里。哦，所以你只是转向了你的笔记本电脑，系统就移动了你，然后它就自动做了叠加。它有点扭曲了房间，把东西放在了它们需要的位置。是的。房间里的每样东西都有一个位置，每样东西都有临场感或空间一致性。这让我们感觉我们和我们以及其他东西在一起。我还要说，你不仅仅是三维的，感觉你像是从屏幕里探出来，从屏幕里出来。你不仅仅是在那个世界里三维的。是的，完全正确。天哪。回到中心。好的。我告诉你这是怎么运作的。你可能已经有了它的前提。但有两件事，两件非常困难的事情，我们把它们放在了一起。一个是人工智能视频模型。所以有一组摄像头，你之前问过的。有六个彩色摄像头，就像我们今天有的网络摄像头一样，获取视频流并将其输入我们的人工-智能模型，然后将其转换成你和我的3D视频。它实际上是一个光场。所以它是一种交互式的3D视频，你可以从任何角度看到。它被传输到第二件事上。那就是一个光场显示器。而且它是双向发生的。我看到你，你也看到我，都在我们的光场显示器里。这些实际上是平板电视或平板显示器，但它们有维度感、深度感，尺寸是正确的。你可以看到阴影和光照是正确的。从你的角度看，一切都是正确的。所以如果你稍微移动一下，而我保持不动，你会看到一个不同的视角。你会看到一些被包含的东西被揭示出来。你会看到阴影以它们应该的方式移动。所有这些都是由我们的人工智能视频模型为你计算和生成的。它基于你的眼睛位置，正确的场景需要放在这个光场显示器的什么位置，才能让你感到身临其境？这是实时的。没有延迟。我没看到延迟。你一点也没卡顿。不，不，我希望没有。我认为是你和我实时在一起。这才是真实沟通所需要的。而且在质量上，它是逼真的。这太棒了。三个人可以吗？那也会那样移动吗？是的。我给你展示一下。所以如果她和我们一起进入房间，你可以看到她，你可以看到我。如果我们有更多的人，你最终会失去临场感。你会把人缩小。你会失去尺度感。所以把它想象成窗户能容纳一定数量的人。如果你想容纳一大群人，你想要会议室或大房间，你需要一个更宽的窗户。如果你只想看奶奶和孩子们，你可以用更小的窗户。所以每个人都在桌子上有一席之地，或者每个人都有他们所属的感觉，并且这种临场感得到了遵守。如果你有太多人，你就会回到我们习惯的2D比喻，人们在任何地方的瓷砖里。对于我看到的图像，你是否需要被扫描？我的意思是，我看到你没有被扫描。所以如果你不需要穿任何东西，那就容易多了。你不需要预先扫描。是的。你就按照它应该发生的方式去做，不需要任何人学习任何东西或穿上任何东西。我以为你必须解决扫描问题。但这里你不需要。只是摄像头。只是视觉。没错。是视频。是的，我们不是试图做一个你的近似值，因为你每天做的每件事都很重要。我刮胡子时割伤了自己，我别上了一枚别针。所有你身上的小细节，都自然而然地发生了。我们没有时间去扫描或捕捉那些，或者给虚拟形象穿衣服。我们就是我们本来的样子。所以所有这些都如实地、实时地传输。

## 演示：谷歌XR眼镜 (Demo: Google XR Glasses)

### Speaker 3:

How you doing? Good to meet you. Nice to meet you. So as Max mentioned,
got the eye glasses here. We start with the foundation of great glasses,
something stylish, lightweight, wearable. Then we say how can we build
great technology and experiences on top of that? One of the core tenets
of the Android XR platform, this idea of a multimodal conversational
device. See what you see, hear what you hear. So you’ve got a camera,
you’ve got speakers, multiple microphones for speaker isolation. I’ll
give you a chance to try these yourself. Yeah, sorry, I woke it up
there. Whoa. Yeah. So the first thing you see is a super simple,
straightforward home screen. Yes. So you probably see the time, the
weather, calendar, appointments there. This is designed to be sort of
your one-stop shop for quick glanceable information throughout the day.
We want it to do something that’s easy to get what you need, and then go
back to what you’re doing. So you can imagine turning on the display,
getting that quick glance, and then continuing on your way. You can be
fully conversational at this point. You can ask questions for example
about the paintings. You can interrupt. You can ask follow up questions.
And as I mentioned before, if you want to at any time, pause, you just
tap there on the right. Gemini, how much does this painting cost? The
painting is called the Bridge of Louis-Philippe, 1875 by Armand
Guillaumin. It appears to be a print. And it would be impossible to know
it’s cost without finding the seller. Okay, so this is fake. I
understand. Why do humans pay so much money for paintings? People pay a
lot for paintings, because of their artistic merits, the artist’s name
and rarity, and for the appreciation you learn. So a few more things
that we want to show you just for sake of time, you go ahead and long
press on the side again to salute Gemini there. There you go. Did you
catch Google I/O last week by any chance? Yes. So you might’ve seen on
stage the Google Maps experience very briefly. I wanted to give you a
chance to get a sense of what that feels like today. You can imagine
you’re walking down the street. If you look up like you’re walking
straight ahead, you get quick turn-by-turn directions, so you have a
sense of what the next turn is like. Whoa. Nice. Keeping your phone in
your pocket. Oh, that’s so intuitive. Sometimes you need that quick
sense of which way’s the right way? Yeah. Sometimes. Yeah. So let’s say
you’re coming out of Subway, getting out of a cab. You can just glance
down at your feet. We have it set up to translate from Russian to
English. I think I get to wear the glasses and you speak to me, if you
don’t mind. I can speak Russian. \[foreign language\]. I’m doing well.
How are you doing? I’m tempted to swear, tempted to say inappropriate
things. \[foreign language\]. I see it transcribed in real time. And so
obviously based on the different languages and the sequence of subjects
and verbs, there’s a slight delay sometimes, but it’s really just like
subtitles for the real world. Cool.

你好吗？很高兴见到你。很高兴见到你。正如马克斯所说，这里有副眼镜。我们从一副好眼镜的基础开始，一些时尚、轻便、可穿戴的东西。然后我们说，我们如何在此基础上构建伟大的技术和体验？Android
XR平台的核心原则之一，就是这个多模态对话设备的想法。看到你所见，听到你所听。所以你有一个摄像头，有扬声器，多个用于说话人隔离的麦克风。我让你自己试试这些。是的，抱歉，我把它唤醒了。哇。是的。所以你首先看到的是一个超级简单、直接的主屏幕。是的。所以你可能在那里看到时间、天气、日历、约会。这被设计成你一天中快速浏览信息的一站式商店。我们希望它能做一些容易让你得到你需要的东西，然后回到你正在做的事情上的事情。所以你可以想象打开显示屏，快速浏览一下，然后继续你的路。你现在可以完全进行对话。你可以问一些关于画作的问题。你可以打断。你可以问后续问题。正如我之前提到的，如果你想在任何时候暂停，你只需在右边轻点一下。Gemini，这幅画多少钱？这幅画叫做《路易-菲利普桥》，1875年由阿尔芒·吉约曼创作。它看起来像一幅印刷品。如果不找到卖家，就不可能知道它的价格。好的，所以这是假的。我明白了。为什么人类会花这么多钱买画？人们花很多钱买画，是因为它们的艺术价值、艺术家的名气和稀有性，以及你学到的欣赏能力。所以，为了节省时间，我们还想给你看几样东西，你再长按一下侧面，向那里的Gemini致敬。好了。你上周碰巧看了谷歌I/O大会吗？是的。所以你可能在舞台上非常简短地看到了谷歌地图的体验。我想让你感受一下今天那是什么感觉。你可以想象你走在街上。如果你像直走一样抬头看，你会得到快速的转弯导航，所以你对下一个转弯是什么样有了感觉。哇。不错。把手机放在口袋里。哦，那太直观了。有时你需要那种快速的感觉，哪条路是对的？是的。有时。是的。所以，比如说你从地铁出来，从出租车上下来。你只需低头看看你的脚。我们把它设置为从俄语翻译成英语。我想我戴上眼镜，你跟我说话，如果你不介意的话。我会说俄语。\[外语\]。我很好。你好吗？我
tempted to swear, tempted to say inappropriate things.
\[外语\]。我看到它实时转录。所以显然，基于不同的语言和主语和动词的顺序，有时会有轻微的延迟，但这真的就像现实世界的字幕一样。酷。

## 人类历史上最伟大的发明 (Biggest invention in human history)

### Lex Fridman:

Thank you for this. All right, back to me. Hopefully watching videos of
me having my mind blown like the apes in 2001 Space Odyssey playing with
a monolith was somewhat interesting. Like I said, I was very impressed.
And now I thought, if it’s okay, I could make a few additional comments
about the episode and just in general. In this conversation with Sundar
Pichai, I discussed the concept of the Neolithic package, which is the
set of innovations that came along with the first agricultural
revolution about 12,000 years ago, which included the formation of
social hierarchies, the early primitive forms of government, labor
specialization, domestication of plants and animals, early forms of
trade, large scale cooperations of humans like that required to build,
yes, the pyramids and temples like Göbekli Tepe. I think this may be the
right way to actually talk about the inventions that changed human
history, not just as a single invention, but as a kind of network of
innovations and transformations that came along with it. And the
productivity multiplier framework that I mentioned in the episode, I
think is a nice way to try to concretize the impact of each of these
inventions under consideration. And we have to remember that each node
in the network of the fast follow-on inventions is in itself a
productivity multiplier. Some are additive, some are multiplicative. So
in some sense, the size of the network in the package is the thing that
matters when you’re trying to rank the impact of inventions on human
history. The easy picks for the period of biggest transformation, at
least in sort of modern day discourse is the Industrial Revolution, or
even in the 20th century, the computer or the internet. I think it’s
because it’s easiest to intuit for modern day humans, the exponential
impact of those technologies. But recently, I suppose this changes week
to week, but I have been doing a lot of reading on ancient human
history. So recently my pick for the number one invention would have to
be the first agricultural revolution, the Neolithic package that led to
the formation of human civilizations. That’s what enabled the scaling of
the collective intelligence machine of humanity, and for us to become
the early bootloader for the next 10,000 years of technological
progress, which yes, includes AI and the tech that builds on top of AI.
And of course it could be argued that the word invention doesn’t
properly apply to the agricultural revolution. I think actually Yuval
Noah Harari argues that it wasn’t the humans who were the inventors, but
a handful of plant species, namely wheat, rice and potatoes. This is
strictly a fair perspective. But I’m having fun, like I said, with this
discussion. Here, I just think of the entire earth as a system that
continuously transforms. And I’m using the term invention in that
context. Asking the question of when was the biggest leap on the
log-scale plot of human progress? Will AI, AGI, ASI eventually take the
number one spot on this ranking? I think it has a very good chance to do
so due again to the size of the network of inventions that will come
along with it. I think we discuss in this podcast the kind of things
that would be included in the so-called AI package. But I think there’s
a lot more possibilities, including discussed in previous podcasts and
many previous podcasts, including with Dario Amodei, talking on the
biological innovation side, the science progress side. And this podcast,
I think we talk about something that I’m particularly excited about in
the near term, which is unlocking the cognitive capacity of the entire
landscape of brains that is the human species. Making it more accessible
through education and through machine translation, making information,
knowledge and the rapid learning and innovation process accessible to
more humans, to the entire 8 billion, if you will. So I do think
language or machine translation apply to all the different methods that
we use on the internet to discover knowledge is a big unlock. But there
are a lot of other stuff in the so-called AI package like discussed with
Dario, curing all major human diseases. He really focuses on that in The
Machines of Love and Grace essay. I think there will be huge leaps in
productivity for human programmers and semi-autonomous human
programmers. So humans in the loop, but most of the programming is done
by AI agents. And then moving that towards a superhuman AI researcher
that’s doing the research that develops and programs the AI system in
itself. I think there’ll be huge transformative effects from autonomous
vehicles. These are the things that we maybe don’t immediately
understand, or we understand from an economics perspective, but there
will be a point when AI systems are able to interpret, understand,
interact with the human world to sufficient degree to where many of the
manually controlled human in the loop systems we rely on become fully
autonomous. And I think mobility is such a big part of human
civilization that there will be effects on that, that they’re not just
economic, but are social cultural and so on. And there’s a lot more
things I could talk about for a long time. So obviously the integration
utilization of AI in the creation of art, film, music, I think the
digitalization and automating basic functions of government, and then
integrating AI into that process, thereby decreasing corruption and
costs and increasing transparency and efficiency. I think we as humans,
individual humans, will continue to transition further and further into
cyborgs. There’s already a AI in the loop of the human condition, and
that will become increasingly so as AI becomes more powerful. The thing
I’m obviously really excited about is major breakthroughs in science,
and not just on the medical front but on fundamental physics, which
would then lead to energy breakthroughs increasing the chance that we
become, we actually become a Kardashev Type I civilization. And then
enabling us in so doing to do interstellar exploration of space and
colonization of space. I think there also in the near term, much like
with the industrial revolution that led to rapid specialization of
skills of expertise, there might be a great sort of de-specialization.
So as the AI system become superhuman experts at particular fields,
there might be greater and greater value to being the integrator of AIs
for humans to be generalists. And so the great value of the human mind
will come from the generalists, not the specialists. That’s a real
possibility that that changes the way we are about the world, that we
want to know a little bit of a lot of things and move about the world in
that way. That could have when passing a certain threshold, a complete
shift in who we are as a collective intelligence as a human species.
Also as an aside, when thinking about the invention that was the
greatest in human history, again for a bit of fun, we have to remember
that all of them build on top of each other. And so we need to look at
the Delta, the step change on the, I would say impossibly to perfectly
measure plot of exponential human progress. Really we can go back to the
entire history of life on earth. And a previous podcast guest, Nick Lane
does a great job of this in his book Life Ascending, listing these 10
major inventions throughout the evolution of life on earth like DNA,
photosynthesis, complex cells, sex, movement, sight, all those kinds of
things. I forget the full list that’s on there. But I think that’s so
far from the human experience that my intuition about, let’s say
productivity multipliers of those particular inventions completely
breaks down, and a different framework is needed to understand the
impact of these inventions of evolution. The origin of life on Earth, or
even the Big Bang itself of course is the OG invention that set the
stage for all the rest of it. And there are probably many more turtles
under that which are yet to be discovered. So anyway, we live in
interesting times, fellow humans. I do believe the set of positive
trajectories for humanity outnumber the set of negative trajectories,
but not by much. So let’s not mess this up. And now let me leave you
with some words from French philosopher Jean de La Bruyère, “Out of
difficulties, grow miracles.” Thank you for listening, and hope to see
you next time.

谢谢你。好了，回到我这里。希望观看我像《2001太空漫游》中玩弄巨石的猿猴一样大开眼界的视频，多少有点意思。就像我说的，我印象非常深刻。现在我想，如果可以的话，我想对这一集以及总体情况发表一些额外的评论。在与桑达尔·皮查伊的这次对话中，我讨论了新石器时代套餐的概念，这是大约12000年前第一次农业革命带来的一系列创新，包括社会等级的形成、早期原始形式的政府、劳动分工、动植物的驯化、早期形式的贸易、以及像建造金字塔和哥贝克力石阵这样的寺庙所需的大规模人类合作。我认为这可能是真正讨论改变人类历史的发明的正确方式，不仅仅是作为一个单一的发明，而是作为一个随之而来的创新和变革的网络。我在这一集中提到的生产力倍增器框架，我认为是试图具体化每项被考虑的发明影响的好方法。我们必须记住，快速跟进的发明网络中的每个节点本身就是一个生产力倍增器。有些是加法，有些是乘法。所以在某种意义上，当你试图对发明对人类历史的影响进行排名时，套餐中网络的规模才是重要的。至少在现代话语中，最大变革时期的简单选择是工业革命，或者甚至是20世纪的计算机或互联网。我认为这是因为现代人最容易直观地理解这些技术的指数级影响。但最近，我想这每周都在变，但我一直在大量阅读关于古代人类历史的书籍。所以最近我选择的第一大发明将是第一次农业革命，即导致人类文明形成的新石器时代套餐。正是它使得人类集体智慧机器的规模化成为可能，并让我们成为未来1万年技术进步的早期引导程序，是的，这包括人工智能以及建立在人工智能之上的技术。当然，有人可能会说“发明”这个词并不完全适用于农业革命。我想实际上尤瓦尔·诺亚·赫拉利认为，发明者不是人类，而是一些植物物种，即小麦、大米和土豆。这严格来说是一个公平的观点。但就像我说的，我在这场讨论中玩得很开心。在这里，我只是把整个地球看作一个不断变化的系统。我是在那个背景下使用“发明”这个词。问一个问题：在人类进步的对数尺度图上，最大的飞跃是什么时候？人工智能、通用人工智能、超人工智能最终会在这份排名中占据第一位吗？我认为它有很好的机会这样做，再次，由于随之而来的发明网络的规模。我想我们在这个播客中讨论了所谓的“人工智能套餐”中会包含哪些东西。但我认为还有更多的可能性，包括在以前的播客和许多以前的播客中讨论过的，包括与达里奥·阿莫代伊的讨论，谈到生物创新方面、科学进步方面。而这个播客，我想我们谈论了一些我近期特别兴奋的事情，那就是解锁人类物种这个大脑景观的全部认知能力。通过教育和机器翻译使其更容易获得，让信息、知识以及快速学习和创新过程更容易被更多的人类获得，如果你愿意的话，可以达到全部80亿人。所以我确实认为语言或机器翻译应用于我们在互联网上用来发现知识的所有不同方法，是一个巨大的解锁。但所谓的“人工智能套餐”中还有很多其他东西，就像与达里奥讨论的那样，治愈所有主要的人类疾病。他在《爱与恩典的机器》一文中真正关注这一点。我认为人类程序员和半自主人类程序员的生产力将会有巨大的飞跃。所以人类在环，但大部分编程是由人工智能代理完成的。然后将其推向一个超人人工智能研究员，他自己进行研究，开发和编程人工智能系统。我认为自动驾驶汽车将带来巨大的变革性影响。这些是我们可能不会立即理解，或者我们从经济角度理解的东西，但将会有一个时刻，当人工智能系统能够充分解释、理解、与人类世界互动，以至于我们依赖的许多手动控制的人类在环系统变得完全自主。我认为移动性是人类文明如此重要的一部分，它将产生不仅仅是经济上的，而是社会文化等等方面的影响。我还可以长时间谈论很多其他事情。所以显然，人工智能在艺术、电影、音乐创作中的整合利用，我认为政府基本职能的数字化和自动化，然后将人工智能整合到那个过程中，从而减少腐败和成本，增加透明度和效率。我认为我们作为人类，个体人类，将继续越来越多地过渡到半机械人。人类状况中已经有了人工智能在环，随着人工智能变得越来越强大，这种情况会越来越普遍。我显然非常兴奋的事情是科学上的重大突破，不仅仅是在医学方面，而是在基础物理学方面，这将导致能源突破，增加我们成为，我们实际上成为卡尔达舍夫I型文明的机会。然后使我们能够进行星际太空探索和太空殖民。我认为在近期，很像工业革命导致技能专长的快速专业化，可能会出现一种伟大的“去专业化”。所以当人工智能系统在特定领域成为超人专家时，对于人类来说，成为人工智能的整合者，成为通才，可能会有越来越大的价值。所以人类思想的巨大价值将来自通才，而不是专家。这是一个真正的可能性，它改变了我们对世界的看法，我们想知道很多事情的一点点，并以那种方式在世界上行动。这在经过某个阈值时，可能会对我们作为一个集体智慧、一个人类物种的本质产生彻底的转变。另外，顺便说一句，在思考人类历史上最伟大的发明时，再次，为了好玩，我们必须记住，它们都是建立在彼此之上的。所以我们需要看的是增量，是在指数级人类进步的，我会说不可能完美测量的图上的阶跃变化。真的，我们可以追溯到地球上生命的整个历史。一位以前的播客嘉宾，尼克·莱恩，在他的书《生命升华》中做得很好，列出了地球生命进化过程中的这10大发明，如DNA、光合作用、复杂细胞、性、运动、视觉，所有这些东西。我忘了完整的列表。但我认为这离人类的经验太远了，我对那些特定发明的生产力倍增器的直觉完全失效了，需要一个不同的框架来理解这些进化发明的影响。地球上生命的起源，甚至大爆炸本身当然是为所有其他事情奠定基础的最初发明。在那之下可能还有更多的乌龟有待发现。所以无论如何，我们生活在有趣的时代，人类同胞们。我确实相信，人类的积极轨迹集合数量超过了消极轨迹集合，但不多。所以我们不要搞砸了。现在，让我用法国哲学家让·德·拉布吕耶尔的话来结束，“出于困境，生长奇迹。”感谢收听，希望下次再见。



一键复制为Markdown
