---
title: "市场周评：FOMC会议、财政主导与全球资本流动"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "Felix (主持人), Quinn Thompson, Joseph Wang"
  guest: "" 
  source: "#section-1"
---

<div class="container">

<div>

# 市场周评：FOMC会议、财政主导与全球资本流动

<div class="speakers">

**主讲人：** Felix (主持人), Quinn Thompson, Joseph Wang



<div class="stats">

**英文总字数：**约 5,850 字 **预计阅读时间：**约 29 分钟
**中文总字数：**约 7,720 字 **预计阅读时间：**约 26 分钟





### 内容目录

- [1. 开场与介绍](#section-1)
- [2. FOMC会议深度解读](#section-2)
- [3. 劳动力市场与通胀数据分析](#section-3)
- [4. 补充杠杆率（SLR）与银行监管](#section-4)
- [5. 财政部发债策略与债务上限](#section-5)
- [6. 长期债券收益率展望](#section-6)
- [7. 2026年美联储主席换届的市场影响](#section-7)
- [8. 财政主导与货币政策的未来](#section-8)
- [9. 全球资本流动与“美国例外论”](#section-9)
- [10. 美元储备货币地位的挑战](#section-10)
- [11. 投资组合策略：如何在不确定性中导航](#section-11)
- [12. 结语](#section-12)

<div id="content">

<div id="section-1" class="section">

## 1. 开场与介绍

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> No, y'all are stuck. Sorry.
Yeah. All right. Good. Good to go. All right, everybody. Welcome back to
another roundup edition of Forward Guidance and we are recording live
from Washington DC. We're out here at the Monetarium 2 conference put on
by Reserve. Super excited to be here. There's myself, Quinn Thompson,
and we pulled in Joseph Wang, Fed Guy, to join us this week. So, super
excited to have you guys here chatting here in Washington DC. What's
going on, guys?

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> Not much. Excited to be
here. Good weather. Lot of...

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Absolutely. Great to
meet you again, Quinn and Felix. Great to be here. Yeah.

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah. Quick show of hands.
Who's listened to the Forward Guidance podcast before? Nice. Before
today, before. Awesome. Cool to see that. Thousand for everyone
listening. There's thousands of hands raised.

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> Yeah. Thousands and
thousands. You just hear the roars and clouds.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> The most beautiful.
The biggest crowds, guys. Huge. Biggest.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
不，你们都走不了了，抱歉。是的，好了，一切就绪。好的，各位。欢迎回到新一期的《前瞻指引》摘要版，我们正在华盛顿特区进行现场录制。我们身处由Reserve主办的Monetarium
2会议现场，非常高兴能来到这里。今天有我，Quinn
Thompson，我们还请来了“美联储观察家”Joseph
Wang本周加入我们。所以，非常高兴能和你们在华盛顿特区聊天。最近怎么样，伙计们？

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
没什么特别的，很高兴来到这里。天气很好，有很多...

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
当然。很高兴再次见到你，Quinn和Felix。很高兴来到这里。是的。

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的。快速举手表决一下，之前谁听过《前瞻指引》播客？很好。在今天之前。太棒了，很高兴看到这么多。对所有听众说一下，现场有成千上万只手举了起来。

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
是的，成千上万。你都能听到欢呼声和雷鸣般的掌声。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
最美丽的景象。最大的观众群，伙计们。巨大，是最大的。





<div id="section-2" class="section">

## 2. FOMC会议深度解读

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Okay. So, I want to start by
talking about the \*\*FOMC\*\* (Federal Open Market Committee: the
monetary policymaking body of the Federal Reserve System) meeting that
just happened yesterday and get the high level takeaways there. Somewhat
interesting one, but also not interesting at the same time. But just
going to go through a few data points here. I'm going to pull up my
phone just because it was a dot plot summary of economic projections
updated meeting. So there's a lot of data to get into and start to
understand. So just looking at the dots here in terms of their GDP
projection, they actually downticked their projection for the March
meeting for 2025 from 1.7 to 1.4%. So expecting lower growth. For the
unemployment rate, for the March projection was 4.4, looking at 4.5% by
the end of year. In \*\*PCE\*\* (Personal Consumption Expenditures: a
measure of U.S. consumer spending, and the Fed's preferred inflation
gauge) inflation, an increase again from 2.7 to 3, which comes off the
back of another previous increase from the previous March meeting for
the December one further. So, this is an interesting situation. We're
seeing growth being downticked in their forecast. We're seeing inflation
ticking up higher, but at the same time, we actually didn't see any
changes on their projections for Fed funds rate cutting. So most of the
policy members basically as you added them all together and you look at
the \*\*dot plots\*\* (A chart showing each Fed official's projection
for the federal funds rate), we saw that the majority still ticked in
for two cuts coming this year. What was interesting however is that yes,
10 of them had two cuts by the end of the year but there's an increase
of FOMC members from four to seven that were projecting no cuts by the
end of this year. So lots to get into. Obviously, I didn't even mention
the fact that they didn't cut rates, which shouldn't have been a
surprise to anybody, but that's not what moved markets. What really
moves it is obviously these dot plots and the press conference that came
forth. So, want to pass it to you, Joseph, and just based on all that
data, what was your read? What was your takeaways?

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> Well, first off, I think
like you mentioned, Felix, and that was a really good summary. What was
most interesting to me was the dot plot forecast. It seems like the Fed
is a bit more downbeat on the economy, revising down growth, but also
seemed a little bit \*\*stagflationary\*\* (A condition of slow economic
growth, high unemployment, and rising prices), right? You're revising up
inflation and you're revising up unemployment. So all in all that seems
like not good. Now the Fed has always been saying for the past few
months that they are basically just going to be late. So they're not
cutting this time and they kept their forecast from the last time. So
what Powell has been telling us is that there's so many things happening
in the economy. We have changes in policy from changes in immigration
policy, fiscal policy. Of course, we have changes in regulatory policy
and trade policy as well. And he doesn't know what's going to happen.
And so, he's just going to wait to see what the data says. That's a
little bit different than how he usually acts where he tries to get
ahead of it. Now, remember, he cut 50 \*\*basis points\*\* (A unit of
measure for interest rates, where 100 basis points equals 1 percentage
point) right before the election last year thinking that there was a
recession, wanting to get ahead of it, but now he's committing to being
late. So, what that tells me is that he's really not going to do
anything until we see the unemployment rate tick up and it's been
trending higher. Right now the unemployment rate is 4.2%. But maybe and
Quinn will probably talk about this, but we see a lot of indicators in
the labor market that it's softening. Powell has a different take. He
seems to be very happy with 4.2% describing as full employment. But it
seems like until that ticks higher, we're not going to get rate cuts.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
好的。那么，我想从昨天刚刚结束的\*\*FOMC\*\*（联邦公开市场委员会：美联储系统的货币政策制定机构）会议开始谈起，并总结一下其中的要点。这次会议有些有趣，但同时又没什么新意。我来过一遍几个数据点，我需要看一下手机，因为这是一次更新了经济预测和点阵图的会议，所以有很多数据需要深入理解。从GDP预测的点阵图来看，他们实际上将2025年的预测从3月份会议的1.7%下调到了1.4%，所以预期增长会放缓。失业率方面，3月份的预测是4.4%，而现在的预测是到年底达到4.5%。在\*\*PCE\*\*（个人消费支出：衡量美国消费者支出的指标，也是美联储首选的通胀衡量标准）通胀方面，预测再次从2.7%上调至3%，这是在之前3月份会议已经对12月数据进行过一次上调之后又一次上调。所以，这是一个有趣的局面。我们看到他们的预测中增长被下调，通胀被上调，但与此同时，我们并未看到他们对联邦基金利率降息的预测有任何变化。基本上，当你把所有政策制定者的观点加总并观察\*\*点阵图\*\*（Dot
Plot：显示每位美联储官员对联邦基金利率预测的图表）时，我们看到大多数人仍然预测今年会有两次降息。然而，有趣的是，虽然有10位成员预测年底前降息两次，但预测今年不降息的FOMC成员从4位增加到了7位。所以有很多值得讨论的地方。显然，我甚至没提他们没有降息这件事，这对任何人来说都不应感到意外，但这并不是驱动市场的因素。真正驱动市场的是这些点阵图和随后的新闻发布会。所以，Joseph，我想把问题交给你，基于所有这些数据，你的解读和要点是什么？

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
首先，我认为就像你提到的，Felix，那是一个非常好的总结。对我来说，最有趣的是点阵图的预测。看起来美联储对经济的看法有些悲观，下调了增长预测，但同时也显得有点\*\*滞胀\*\*（Stagflationary：指经济增长缓慢、高失业率和物价上涨并存的状况）倾向，对吧？你上调了通胀预测，也上调了失业率预测。所以总的来说，这看起来不是什么好事。过去几个月，美联储一直在说他们基本上会“迟到”。所以这次他们没有降息，并维持了上次的预测。鲍威尔一直告诉我们，经济中正在发生太多事情。我们的政策在变，从移民政策到财政政策。当然，监管政策和贸易政策也在变。他不知道会发生什么。所以，他只想等等看数据怎么说。这与他通常试图“提前行动”的做法有些不同。要记住，去年选举前，他因为认为经济衰退即将来临而降息了50个\*\*基点\*\*（Basis
Points：利率的计量单位，100个基点等于1个百分点），想要提前应对，但现在他承诺要“迟到”。所以，这告诉我，除非我们看到失业率上升，否则他真的不会采取任何行动。失业率一直在走高，目前是4.2%。但也许Quinn会谈到这一点，我们在劳动力市场看到很多指标显示它正在走软。鲍威尔有不同的看法，他似乎对4.2%的失业率非常满意，称之为充分就业。但看起来，除非这个数字继续上升，否则我们不会看到降息。





<div id="section-3" class="section">

## 3. 劳动力市场与通胀数据分析

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Yeah, I thought it was
interesting when you compared March to June on the dots. Basically, the
only incremental change for 2025 was that three people went from one cut
to no cut and one person went from two cuts to one cut. So it was, you
know, that's \*\*hawkish\*\* (A monetary policy stance that favors
higher interest rates to curb inflation). And I think one came out of
27... 26 I believe, or 27... in the backdrop of that revised worse
economic data. And he seemed like, for one, the nearest cut is not
priced until September anyways. So you know, being three months out, how
much does this meeting really have near-term impact on markets? Not a
ton. I did think it was interesting because I think we discussed this on
last week's, how in that recent labor market report, the unemployment
rate barely stuck at 4.2. So it was like 0.005%, very easily could have
been 4.3. But also that it stayed steady for the wrong reasons, meaning
a declining total number of employed and a lower labor force number. And
so someone did ask about the immigration issues and he noted that this
dynamic where you can have a stable, more stable unemployment rate for
the reasons of not growing labor but actually shrinking labor force. And
he basically acknowledged this as being okay. You know, it will hold the
unemployment rate lower for longer, and they will not look through that
to infer a weaker labor market. So on many accounts, very hawkish. It's
very clear they expect at least some meaningful uptick in inflation and,
you know, even September is, I don't know how guaranteed that is at this
point. I think you really need to see market weakness for them to move.

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah. My take is just that it
feels like, you know, it's clear that Chair Powell is trying to get to
the finish line of his term in one piece basically. Like I think he
would have preferred if he could have just skipped the whole press
conference in general and just been like, "All right, we're not doing
anything and we're just going to sit there and don't talk to me until at
least 2026." But he's not in a situation where he can do that. So has to
go up there. And the issue is that monetary policy cannot not do
anything by doing nothing. It's still an intentional policy choice. So
just by them sitting flat as they are right now and that they hope to do
so for quite a bit of time, that's still an intentional policy decision
because the economy is dynamic and it's moving all the time. And as they
sit, if you just think about like a classic \*\*Taylor rule\*\* (A
formula suggesting how central banks should set interest rates based on
inflation and economic output) type model, if we see them stay flat at
the same time that the unemployment rate ticks higher, and to your
point, we are very close to 4.3%. So you have that situation and then
you have these continuous downside surprises in the inflation print. You
know, like we can keep holding out and wait for the tariff inflation to
show up in the \*\*CPI\*\* (Consumer Price Index: A measure of the
average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a
market basket of consumer goods and services) data. And yes, maybe the
big one's coming next print, but the fact of the matter is that, you
know, core CPI month over month came in at 10 basis points. That's a
huge miss. So there's a lot of services disinflation. There's, we can
talk about this some more, but there's a lot of fracturing underneath
the surface of that unemployment rate in terms of the labor market. So,
it just feels and I'm curious both of your thoughts on this, that by
just staying flat, it's still creating an even more restrictive monetary
policy stance. Even though their intention is just to not do anything
that goes either hawkish or \*\*dovish\*\* (A monetary policy stance
that favors lower interest rates to stimulate the economy), but by doing
nothing, they're actually being hawkish.

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> Yeah. As inflation comes
down, real rates go higher, right? So I think one of the points that he
mentioned was that if you were backward-looking at the data, you'd
probably be cutting by now. Like you mentioned, the market is softening,
we have 4... could have been 4.3%. If you look at continuing employment
claims, that continues to rise, right? That means the stock of the
unemployed people are rising, so if you lose your job, it's harder and
harder to find a new one. Now, this past week, there was also a very
interesting story in the Wall Street Journal showing how new grads are
having a lot of trouble finding a new job. So the unemployment rate for
young people is also rising. So definitely clear weakening in the labor
market. Now inflation has been coming in softer as well. Not just CPI
like you mentioned, Phoenix, but the Fed's goal, headline PCE, came in
at 2.1% year-over-year in April. 2.1%, 2%, that's pretty close to me,
right? So the Fed is not acting in response to this data because it's
telling us, like you mentioned, that we have inflation from tariffs
coming down the pipeline. So in the press conference, what really struck
me was that, you know, Chair Powell was like, "You know, the
professional forecasters, basically the experts, are telling me that
that inflation is coming down the pipeline from tariffs and so forth."
And that's all super reasonable, but it's also not consistent with how
he's behaved the past few years, right? The past few years, let's listen
to the forecasters that got us nowhere. And so it's like, okay, let's
listen to the data. Let's be data-dependent. Okay, let's do that. Now
that the data is like we should cut, he's like, "Let's listen to the
forecasters now," right? So, it's he just wants to be hawkish. That's,
he's finding reasons to be hawkish.

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> So, yeah, it was pretty funny.
I don't know which press member asked Powell about this, but they
brought up that point that, "You know, okay, well, you were saying that
you're data-dependent. The data right now is saying that you should
probably be cutting."

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Kind of went on tilt.
Yeah. He got caught up in his words. He's like, "Well, you know, now
he's saying, well, we're looking into the future and there's inflation
coming." But to your point, like that's going against everything.

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> So, I mean, yeah, it's just the
Fed wants to be hawkish and, you know, we can complain and and piece
apart, but that's just what they want to do. They just want to get to
the finish line of 2026 and they'll find a reason to do that. And, you
know, we can talk a bit about the macroeconomic impact of that, but
yeah, just seems to be the way it is.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> I think the case to
cut is also not that... one of Powell's points was, he said something
along the lines, which he almost never comments on the market, but this
so he kind of was, it was the most, one of the more interesting pressers
I've found in recent view, but he mentioned something along the lines
of, "The current market conditions and how things are trading or
something of that nature do not reflect very restrictive or extremely
restrictive" or some language, which he's kind of got a point. I mean,
if stocks are back at all-time highs, valuations where they're at, like,
and I think there is some anchoring bias for all market participants
where it's like, you know, in the grand scheme of things, 4.2, if you
look back many years in history, is pretty low. It's just the underlying
nuances is, you know, in the weakening of the lower-middle income class.
So it's a tough situation. I can't say he's like that wrong though to
not move.

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah, that's fair. I think too,
like an interesting situation right now is just how noisy all this
economic data is right now. Either it's, you know, we had retail sales
last week and the seasonal adjustments were just pretty significant and
we had like, you know, the control group surprised to the upside and
then everything else surprised at the downside. We have, you know, the
NFP has been revised every month quite significantly. So, yeah, it's a
tough situation. Like Joseph, I'm curious on your thoughts. Just what do
you think are the best reads on the actual state of the economy right
now? It just feels like every data point has so much noise to it.

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> I think that's really
hard because a lot of people are behaving differently in response to the
macro shocks we're having, right? So we had widely telegraphed tariffs.
Everyone was kind of importing a lot beforehand. Maybe consumers were
also stocking up beforehand. And so then we had the big tariffs.
Everyone was scared. Trump pivoted. Now we have some 90-day pause. So
maybe people are restocking or maybe they stocked too much and now they
run down their inventory. So I think the data is going to be really
noisy and I don't really know how to read it the past few months. So
yeah, totally.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
是的，我认为比较三月和六月的点阵图很有趣。基本上，2025年唯一的增量变化是，有三个人从预测一次降息变为不降息，还有一个人从两次降息变为一次。所以，你知道，这是\*\*鹰派\*\*（Hawkish：一种倾向于通过提高利率来抑制通胀的货币政策立场）的。而且我记得其中一个变化来自……我认为是26年或27年的预测……是在经济数据被下修的背景下发生的。他似乎觉得，首先，最近的降息也要到九月才被市场定价。所以，提前三个月，这次会议对市场的短期影响有多大呢？并不大。我确实觉得有趣的是，我们上周讨论过，在最近的劳动力市场报告中，失业率勉强维持在4.2%。实际上只差0.005%，很容易就变成4.3%了。而且，失业率保持稳定是出于错误的原因，即就业总人数下降和劳动力人口减少。有人确实问到了移民问题，他指出，在这种动态下，你可以因为劳动力不增长、甚至萎缩而获得一个更稳定的失业率。他基本上承认这是可以接受的。你知道，这会让失业率在更长时间内保持低位，他们不会透过这个现象去推断劳动力市场正在走弱。所以在很多方面，他都非常鹰派。很明显，他们预计通胀至少会有一些有意义的回升，而且，你知道，即使是九月份的降息，我也不知道现在有多大保证。我认为你真的需要看到市场走弱，他们才会行动。

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的。我的看法是，感觉很明显，鲍威尔主席正试图安然无恙地完成他的任期。我想他可能更希望自己能跳过整个新闻发布会，直接说：“好了，我们什么都不做，我们就坐在这里，至少到2026年之前别来跟我说话。”但他没法这么做，所以必须站出来。问题在于，货币政策不可能通过“无所作为”来“无所作为”。这仍然是一个有意的政策选择。所以，仅仅是像现在这样保持利率不变，并且希望在相当长的一段时间内继续如此，这本身就是一个有意的政策决定，因为经济是动态的，一直在变化。当他们按兵不动时，如果你用经典的\*\*泰勒规则\*\*（Taylor
Rule：一个建议中央银行应如何根据通胀和经济产出设定利率的公式）模型来思考，如果我们在失业率上升的同时看到他们保持利率不变——而且正如你所说，我们已经非常接近4.3%了——那么你就面临这样的局面。然后，通胀数据又不断出现下行意外。你知道，我们可以一直等着，等关税带来的通胀出现在\*\*CPI\*\*（消费者价格指数：衡量城市消费者为一篮子消费品和服务支付价格的平均变化）数据中。是的，也许下一次公布的数据会有大的变化，但事实是，核心CPI月度环比增长仅为10个基点。这是一个巨大的低于预期的数字。所以服务业有很多通缩压力。我们可以再多谈谈，但在失业率的表面之下，劳动力市场内部存在很多断裂。所以，我感觉——并且很好奇你们两位的看法——仅仅是保持利率不变，实际上正在创造一个更具限制性的货币政策立场。尽管他们的意图只是不做任何鹰派或\*\*鸽派\*\*（Dovish：一种倾向于通过降低利率来刺激经济的货币政策立场）的举动，但通过无所作为，他们实际上是在采取鹰派立场。

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
是的。随着通胀下降，实际利率会上升，对吧？所以我认为他提到的其中一点是，如果你回顾过去的数据，你现在可能已经开始降息了。就像你提到的，市场正在走软，失业率是4...本可能是4.3%。如果你看持续申领失业救济金人数，这个数字在持续上升，对吧？这意味着失业人口存量在增加，所以如果你失业了，就越来越难找到新工作。上周，《华尔街日报》也有一篇非常有趣的文章，展示了应届毕业生找工作有多么困难。所以年轻人的失业率也在上升。因此，劳动力市场明显在走弱。现在通胀数据也一直在走软。不仅是你提到的CPI，美联储的目标——总体PCE通胀——在四月份同比仅为2.1%。2.1%，2%，对我来说已经很接近了，对吧？所以美联储没有对这些数据做出反应，因为它告诉我们，就像你提到的，关税带来的通胀即将到来。所以在新闻发布会上，真正让我印象深刻的是，鲍威尔主席说：“专业预测人士，基本上是专家们，告诉我关税等因素带来的通胀即将到来。”这听起来都非常合理，但这也与他过去几年的行为不一致，对吧？过去几年，听从那些让我们一无所获的预测人士的意见。所以现在就像是，好吧，让我们听数据的。让我们依赖数据。好的，就这么办。现在数据表明我们应该降息了，他又说：“现在让我们听听预测人士的意见吧，”对吧？所以，他就是想表现得鹰派。他正在为鹰派立场找理由。

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
所以，是的，这挺有趣的。我不知道是哪位记者问了鲍威尔这个问题，但他们提到了这一点：“好吧，你之前说你依赖数据。现在的数据表明你可能应该降息了。”

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
他有点失控了。是的。他说话都结巴了。他说：“嗯，你知道，现在我们正在展望未来，通胀要来了。”但正如你所说，这与他之前的一切都相悖。

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
所以，我的意思是，是的，美联储就是想鹰派，我们可以抱怨、分析，但这就是他们想做的。他们只想撑到2026年任期结束，并且会为此找到理由。我们可以谈谈这对宏观经济的影响，但看起来就是这样了。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
我认为不降息的理由也不是那么……鲍威尔的其中一个观点是，他说了一些类似这样的话，他几乎从不评论市场，但这次他有点……这是我最近看过的比较有趣的新闻发布会之一，他提到了类似“当前的市场状况以及交易情况等并不反映非常紧缩或极端紧缩的政策”之类的话，他说的有一定道理。我的意思是，如果股市回到历史高点，估值也处于那个水平，而且我认为所有市场参与者都有某种锚定偏见，觉得从宏观历史来看，4.2的失业率是相当低的。只是底层的细微差别在于中低收入阶层的削弱。所以这是一个艰难的处境。我不能说他按兵不动是错的。

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的，这很公平。我也认为，现在一个有趣的情况是所有经济数据都充满了噪音。比如，我们上周有零售销售数据，季节性调整非常显著，然后，你知道，控制组数据超预期上行，而其他所有数据都低于预期。我们看到，非农就业数据（NFP）每个月都被大幅修正。所以，是的，这是一个艰难的处境。Joseph，我想听听你的想法。你认为现在什么才是反映经济真实状况的最佳指标？感觉每个数据点都充满了噪音。

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
我认为这真的很难，因为很多人在应对我们正在经历的宏观冲击时，行为方式都不同，对吧？我们有被广泛预告的关税。每个人都在此之前大量进口。也许消费者也在之前囤货。然后我们迎来了高额关税，所有人都很害怕。特朗普改变了策略。现在我们有大约90天的暂停期。所以也许人们在重新补货，或者他们囤了太多货，现在正在消耗库存。所以我认为过去几个月的数据会非常嘈杂，我真的不知道该如何解读。所以，是的，完全同意。





<div id="section-4" class="section">

## 4. 补充杠杆率（SLR）与银行监管

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Okay. So, something else that's
happening, I think it's next week, is that we got news that the Fed is
planning to have a meeting about the \*\*supplemental leverage ratio
(SLR)\*\* (A regulatory requirement for banks to hold a minimum level of
capital against their total assets), which Quinn, you talked about
earlier in your panel today here at the conference. But that's been an
interesting one because it feels like this carrot that's been dangling
over the market for like the past six months where there's talk, you
know, every time it feels like on the Treasury side as well, Scott Besse
is talking about we want to deregulate the banks, we want to alleviate
capital ratios and risk-based capital ratios as well. So the Fed have
announced that they're planning to have a meeting next week where
they're looking at actually implementing some sort of a either SLR
exemption for treasuries or just a meaningful loosening of those SLR
levels. So fortunately we got Joseph here who's been at the New York
Fed, worked in that world very deeply. So I'd just be curious if you
could just explain to us that whole dynamic. Why are they pursuing this
deregulation approach and how does it mechanically work into the market?
What they're talking about.

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> Sure. So just taking a
step back, in 2008 we had a huge crisis in the financial sector and that
hurt a lot of people and so the regulators decided we can't let this
happen again. So we got to regulate banks in a big way and so they
passed all these regulations, \*\*Dodd-Frank\*\* (A U.S. federal law
enacted in response to the 2008 financial crisis, placing major
regulations on the financial industry) and also internationally there's
\*\*Basel III\*\* (An international regulatory framework for banks,
developed in response to the financial crisis of 2007–09), and what
these regulations do is at the end of the day impose a whole bunch of
costs on banks based on the size and composition of their balance sheet.
So for example, you have risk-weighted assets where, let's say that if
you hold a riskier corporate loan you have to hold more capital against
that. Capital for a bank is a liability. So it's like a cost. So that
makes sense, right? If you hold and it's intended to absorb losses. So
that makes sense. If you are making a really risky loan, you should have
lots of capital against it in case that loan goes sour. The capital can
absorb the losses rather than the depositors. That makes sense. And
also, let's say that we don't want banks to ever have like a liquidity
run, right? So that's kind of what happened in 2008. So we're going to
mandate them to hold all sorts of liquid assets, tons of reserves, and
also make sure that their liability structure is more sound. So make
sure they're not borrowing too much overnight, make sure they have,
let's say, longer-dated liabilities that can't be run on. So their
depositors can't run as easily. Also, we do stuff like stress tests and
so forth. And to cap it all off, just to make sure that just in case we
got anything wrong, because as we know from the financial crisis in
2008, sometimes things that are AAA are not actually AAA. So they added
something that was a backstop and this is a leverage ratio where banks
have to hold capital against an asset regardless of its riskiness. So
it's basically completely based on size. So for example, in this case,
in the leverage ratio, you would have to hold the same amount of capital
against treasuries as you would a risky corporate loan. So this SLR
right now on the bank holding company level, it's about 5%. On the bank
level, it's about 6% for the largest banks. And this has been a real
hindrance for banks that traffic in assets that are very safe, like
treasuries, because it imposes costs on trading these assets that don't
really make sense because they're liquid and credit risk-free. And it's
been widely thought of that raising the costs of banks trafficking these
riskless assets has been harming the markets. And so we saw that in 2020
when we had a crash in the treasury market and the regulators in
response suspended the SLR for a year, and that seemed to help a little
bit. And now, as you know, the Treasury market continues to grow because
we continue to issue a lot of debt, it's becoming more of a highlight
for the regulators. They don't want the market to break. And they're
also thinking that maybe if we were to decrease the cost of banks in
holding these treasuries, maybe they would buy more. Maybe that will put
downward pressure on interest rates. So that seems to be the impetus for
trying to change these regulatory things. And they've been talking about
it a lot and now they're finally having some action which was announced,
and it could be through just toggling the ratio. It could be exempting
reserves or something like that. But that's something they'll try to
figure out. So maybe that will have some relief for the market.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
好的。那么，下周还有另一件事发生，我们收到消息，美联储计划就\*\*补充杠杆率（SLR）\*\*（Supplemental
Leverage
Ratio：一项监管要求，规定银行必须持有最低水平的资本以应对其总资产风险）召开会议。Quinn，你今天早些时候在会议的小组讨论中也谈到了这个。这是一个有趣的话题，因为它感觉像是过去六个月里一直悬在市场上的一根胡萝卜，每次都感觉财政部那边，Scott
Besse也在谈论我们想要放松对银行的监管，想要减轻资本比率和风险加权资本比率的负担。现在美联储宣布他们计划下周开会，研究实际实施某种形式的国债SLR豁免，或者只是有意义地放松SLR水平。幸运的是，我们有Joseph在这里，他曾在纽约联储工作，对这个领域有深入的了解。所以我想请你为我们解释一下这整个动态。他们为什么追求这种放松监管的方式？它在机制上如何影响市场？他们在谈论什么。

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
当然。回顾一下，2008年我们在金融领域经历了一场巨大的危机，伤害了很多人，所以监管机构决定不能让这种事再次发生。因此，我们必须大力监管银行，他们通过了所有这些法规，比如\*\*《多德-弗兰克法案》\*\*（Dodd-Frank
Act：为应对2008年金融危机而颁布的美国联邦法律，对金融业实施了重大监管）以及国际上的\*\*《巴塞尔协议III》\*\*（Basel
III：为应对2007-09年金融危机而制定的国际银行业监管框架），这些法规最终都基于银行资产负债表的规模和构成，给银行带来了大量成本。例如，风险加权资产，假设你持有一笔风险较高的公司贷款，你就必须为其持有更多的资本。对银行来说，资本是一种负债，所以它就像一种成本。这很合理，对吧？如果你持有的资产是为了吸收损失，这就说得通。如果你发放一笔非常高风险的贷款，你就应该有大量的资本来应对，以防贷款出问题。资本可以吸收损失，而不是储户。这很合理。另外，我们不希望银行再出现流动性挤兑，对吧？这基本上就是2008年发生的事情。所以我们要强制他们持有各种流动性资产，大量的准备金，并确保他们的负债结构更健全。确保他们不过度进行隔夜借款，确保他们拥有，比如说，期限更长的负债，这些负债不容易被挤兑。这样他们的储户就不那么容易发生挤兑。此外，我们还进行压力测试等等。最后，为了以防万一我们搞错了什么——因为我们从2008年金融危机中知道，有时候AAA级的东西实际上并非AAA级——他们增加了一个后备措施，这就是杠杆率，即银行必须为其持有的任何资产持有资本，无论其风险如何。所以这完全是基于规模的。例如，在这种情况下，在杠杆率的计算中，你持有国债所需资本与持有高风险公司贷款所需资本是相同的。目前，银行控股公司层面的SLR大约是5%，银行层面，对最大的几家银行来说大约是6%。这对交易那些非常安全的资产（如国债）的银行来说，一直是一个真正的障碍，因为它对交易这些流动性好、无信用风险的资产施加了不合理的成本。人们普遍认为，提高银行交易这些无风险资产的成本正在损害市场。我们在2020年国债市场崩盘时看到了这一点，作为回应，监管机构暂停了SLR一年，这似乎起到了一些帮助。现在，如你所知，由于我们继续大量发行债务，国债市场持续增长，这越来越成为监管机构关注的焦点。他们不希望市场崩溃。他们也在想，也许如果我们降低银行持有这些国债的成本，他们可能会购买更多。也许这会对利率产生下行压力。这似乎是试图改变这些监管措施的动力。他们已经谈论了很多，现在终于要采取一些行动了，这已经被宣布了。这可能通过调整比率，也可能通过豁免准备金之类的措施来实现。但这是他们需要解决的问题。所以也许这会给市场带来一些缓解。





<div id="section-5" class="section">

## 5. 财政部发债策略与债务上限

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah, it feels like there's
still a bit of debate now on the impact of what this will do. And
there's a lot of different interesting crosscurrents when you just look
at the composition of all the different decisions or policies that are
being made right now. And so okay, we have a treasury that is issuing a
lot more bills than historical standards. They are avoiding at all costs
increasing the proportion of coupon issuance that they're providing to
the market. That's been something that, you know, people starting to
call it like activist treasury issuance or \*\*Yellenomics\*\*. But it's
clear that Scott Besse is continuing that. There's now we have forward
guidance in the quarterly refunding announcements basically where they
mentioned that there's no plans to increase the amount of coupon
issuance. So it's all going to go towards the bill side of issuance. So
you have that dynamic happening right now. You have what's going on in
terms of the debt ceiling situation where they cannot issue more debt.
So we go into this situation of extraordinary measures where they do a
lot of different tweaks to be able to continue to issue debt and then
once that's complete, they start to run down the \*\*Treasury General
Account (TGA)\*\* (The U.S. Treasury's primary checking account, held at
the Federal Reserve). And that X date gets to around early August right
now where if they do not come to some sort of resolution on increasing
the debt ceiling, we would theoretically default. Obviously, there's
further protections against it, but that's the theory. So, you have that
situation. And so, what happens is that the Treasury General account
gets drawn down and then as soon as the debt ceiling gets resolved, they
got to rebuild it back up to basically a level where, I forget the exact
number, but effectively they want to be able to keep about a week's
worth of Treasury operations in the TGA for whatever reason. So, that
gets us to about \$800 billion right now. So I think you had the numbers
of where are we at in terms of right now the TGA versus the \*\*RRP\*\*
(Reverse Repurchase Program: A Fed tool where it sells securities to
eligible counterparties with an agreement to buy them back later at a
higher price, effectively draining liquidity from the system) because
this is the dynamic, right, is that you have a lot of bills issuance
that needs to be rebuilt and we need to think about where does those
flows come from and that really, I'll circle this back onto the SLR
thing, but do you want to just explain a little bit on terms of where
we're at in terms of the TGA dynamics and where that got funded last
time? Because you have some interesting analysis around that.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Yeah. So, this recent
tax payment date in, that actually hit in the June quarterly of this
week, refilled the TGA from like 250, I think 220 it got down to, to
back up to around 450, I think 470. And then I think there's about 150
or so in the RRP. So, that'll all get drained. You know, the X date in
August is when the TGA basically gets to zero. And you know, depending
on if it's early July or late July, you know, whenever that is, will
dictate how much of a refill is needed. But it's from here, it's, you
know, however much they refill it, it's going to get drawn down in the
meantime. But the interesting thing is that in 2023, the most recent
analog where this occurred, reaching the debt ceiling and refilling TGA,
they had a massive amount in the RRP to buffer this bills issuance. So I
believe when they refilled the TGA from about June '23 to October '23 is
about the time it took. So like four or five months. They also drained
the reverse repo program by about a trillion dollars in that time period
to bolster the market. And in this go-round, they have about 150 there
and there's also about 2x the nominal coupon issuance number that needs
to be hit. So I think Besse is well aware of this and, you know, the
last two times of these TGA refills, long duration bond yields rose over
150 basis points. And so they're trying to pull out all the stops,
including SLR, to bolster that. But the tough thing about it, because I
think most of the analysis I've seen around the SLR from the banks and
stuff is evaluates it in the context of what occurred during COVID when
the last time they made this exemption. And that's a difficult
comparison because at the time no one, there was one, it was we're
potentially in deflation for that short amount of time and the Fed had
forward guidance stating there's no cuts in the foreseeable future and
inflation was transitory, etc. So we saw the repercussions of that
mentality result in the 2023 banking crisis where everyone was stuffed
to the gills with duration, treasury yields blew out, and all these
balance sheets were insolvent and needed to be essentially, you know,
bailed out or massaged in a way by the Fed. So, I think there's probably
\*\*PTSD\*\* (Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder) on the banking side that
restricts them in addition to a less rosy view on yields that limits how
effective SLR is. I think it'll do something, but...

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah, I feel like when you put
that all together, that's why, you know, there's a lot of debate around,
"Okay, well, why are we doing this SLR exemption thing?" Because it's
not like these banks are actually hitting, like they're not actually
constrained by SLR right now. They're more so, I believe, correct me if
I'm wrong, Joseph, that they're more so constrained by like the
risk-weighted ratios as opposed to the supplementary leverage ratio. But
the way I think about it is it feels like more so they're trying to, you
know, I remember when we introduced the RRP facility, ramped it up and
started to increase the award rate, they talked about "greasing the
runway." And it feels like they're trying to grease the runway right now
for when this huge rebuild comes forth. So you see this dynamic of
trying to get these deregulations to happen and then furthermore, we're
starting to see them try to really pass this Lummis-Gillibrand bill.
That's an interesting one because the fastest growing buyers of treasury
debt right now are \*\*stablecoins\*\* (Cryptocurrencies designed to
have a stable value, often pegged to a fiat currency like the U.S.
dollar) like Tether. They're the ninth largest holding or and one of the
fastest increasing right now. So, it feels to me like they're trying to
prepare a lot of these to grease it for when we get to this August date
to basically effectively rebuild the TGA. That's what it feels like.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的，感觉现在对于这将产生何种影响仍存在一些争论。当你审视当前正在制定的所有不同决策或政策的构成时，会发现许多有趣的交叉潮流。好的，我们有一个比历史标准发行更多短期国库券的财政部。他们不惜一切代价避免增加向市场提供的附息债券的比例。这已经开始被人们称为“激进的财政部发债”或“\*\*耶伦经济学\*\*”（Yellenomics）。但很明显，Scott
Besse正在延续这一做法。现在，我们在季度的再融资公告中基本上有了前瞻性指引，他们提到没有计划增加附息债券的发行量。所以所有的发行都将偏向短期国库券。所以你现在有这种动态。你还有债务上限的情况，他们不能发行更多的债务。所以我们进入了这种“非常措施”的局面，他们采取了许多不同的调整来继续发行债务，一旦这些措施用尽，他们就开始消耗\*\*财政部一般账户（TGA）\*\*（Treasury
General
Account：美国财政部在美联储的主要支票账户）。而那个“X日”现在大约在八月初，如果他们届时未能就提高债务上限达成某种解决方案，理论上我们就会违约。显然，还有进一步的保护措施，但理论上是这样。所以，你面临这种局面。于是，财政部一般账户的资金被消耗殆尽，一旦债务上限问题解决，他们就必须将其重新补充到一个基本水平，我忘了具体数字，但实际上他们希望TGA中能保留大约一周的财政部运营资金，不管出于什么原因。所以，这使得目标大约在8000亿美元。我想你手头有关于TGA和\*\*逆回购工具（RRP）\*\*（Reverse
Repurchase
Program：美联储的工具，通过向合格交易对手出售证券并同意稍后以更高价格回购来吸收系统流动性）的当前数据，因为这就是动态所在，对吧？你需要重新发行大量的短期国库券，我们需要思考这些资金流来自哪里，这实际上又回到了SLR的问题上。但你愿意稍微解释一下TGA的动态以及上次资金是如何筹集的吗？因为你对此有一些有趣的分析。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
是的。最近的纳税日，实际上是在本周的六月季度里，将TGA从大约2500亿（我认为最低降到了2200亿）重新补充到了4500亿左右，我想是4700亿。然后我认为RRP中大约还有1500亿。所以，这些资金都会被耗尽。你知道，八月份的“X日”就是TGA基本上归零的时候。你知道，取决于是在七月初还是七月底，无论何时，都将决定需要补充多少资金。但从现在开始，无论他们补充多少，在此期间都会被消耗掉。但有趣的是，在2023年，最近的一个类似情况——达到债务上限并补充TGA——他们当时在RRP中有巨额资金来缓冲这次短期国库券的发行。所以我相信，当他们在23年6月到10月期间补充TGA时，大约花了四五个月的时间。他们在那段时间里也从逆回购计划中抽走了大约一万亿美元来支撑市场。而这一次，他们在那儿只有大约1500亿，而且需要发行的名义附息债券数量也大约是当时的两倍。所以我认为Besse很清楚这一点，而且，过去两次TGA补充期间，长期债券收益率都上涨了超过150个基点。所以他们正试图采取一切措施，包括SLR，来支持市场。但困难之处在于，我认为我看到的大多数关于银行等方面对SLR的分析，都是在COVID期间他们上次豁免SLR的背景下评估的。这是一个困难的比较，因为当时，我们可能在短时间内处于通缩状态，而且美联储有前瞻指引称在可预见的未来不会降息，通胀是暂时的等等。所以我们看到了这种心态的后果，导致了2023年的银行业危机，当时每个人都持有过多的久期资产，国债收益率飙升，所有这些资产负债表都资不抵债，需要美联储以某种方式进行救助或“按摩”。所以，我认为银行业方面可能存在\*\*创伤后应激障碍（PTSD）\*\*，这限制了他们，再加上对收益率的看法不那么乐观，这些都限制了SLR的有效性。我认为它会有一些作用，但是……

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的，我觉得当你把这些都放在一起时，这就是为什么会有很多关于“好吧，我们为什么要搞这个SLR豁免？”的争论。因为这些银行实际上并没有达到，或者说，他们现在并没有受到SLR的真正约束。我相信，如果我没说错的话，Joseph，他们更多地是受到风险加权比率的约束，而不是补充杠杆率。但我认为，这更像是他们在试图……你知道，我记得当我们引入RRP工具，加大规模并开始提高中标利率时，他们谈论的是“为跑道上油”。感觉他们现在正是在为这次巨大的TGA重建“为跑道上油”。所以你看到这种试图推动这些监管放松的动态，此外，我们开始看到他们试图真正通过Lummis-Gillibrand法案。这是一个有趣的法案，因为目前增长最快的国债买家是像Tether这样的\*\*稳定币\*\*（Stablecoins：一种旨在保持稳定价值的加密货币，通常与美元等法定货币挂钩）。他们现在是第九大持有者，并且是增长最快的持有者之一。所以，在我看来，他们似乎正在做很多准备，为八月份的TGA重建铺平道路。感觉就是这样。





<div id="section-6" class="section">

## 6. 长期债券收益率展望

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> And you know, maybe we can talk
a little bit about how we think that impacts the liquidity outlook and
generally macro overall because to your point, you think that yes, these
are factors that they can start to execute on, but regardless, it looks
like long bond yields would likely increase. I'm curious how you both
think about what that would look like because obviously we've hit that
5% level a couple times on the long bond in the last couple months and
the first time we hit it in the last couple months was around liberation
day and that impact and that's where we started to see a lot of seizing
up in the Treasury market a little bit. We've hit it a couple times
since and it hasn't been as sketchy, but it really feels like the
30-year especially getting above that 5% level is a level that nobody's
really interested in happening. So, I'm curious how you both think about
the possibility of us going above that 5% level.

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> So, like you mentioned,
the 30-year has been touching 5% for some time. It really doesn't seem
like it wants to go lower. I'd also take a step back and note that this
is a global issue, right? The Japanese 40-year was in the news for some
time. It just keeps going higher and higher. But similarly, when we
think about the Japanese year, it's gone down a lot because what they
did was they did Yellenomics, right? So they changed the composition of
issuance by issuing fewer longer-dated stuff and more shorter-dated
stuff. And so when we think about longer-dated yields, we have to
remember that there's a whole lot of tricks in the bag to keep it lower.
One of them is just to pull a Yellen activist treasury issuance as
Steven Mnuchin would say. So that's possible. But so but I think the
trend absent all this would be to have higher yields. But you know these
are things that are carefully managed. They could continue to issue more
bills or they could say because of SLR just go and force the banks to
buy a lot more treasuries. And now this is not something that they're
talking about at all, but if you take a step back through history,
whenever a government has too much debt, this is not the first time this
has ever happened before. This happens all the time. All governments
actually run into these problems. And one of the most common solutions
is to have your commercial banks foot the bill. And so maybe not today,
but maybe next year, a couple years forward, maybe that plays a bigger
role and that puts somewhat of a soft ceiling on yields. But until that
happens, actually, in order to precipitate that, we probably have to
have the long bond continue to go higher.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Yeah, I'm of the
belief that we do break out of the 5%. I think it's like a big
three-year, you know, ascending triangle wedge type thing. And I think
we might have skirted that move because of the delays in the bill
because really the catalyst is when the refill starts. But to me, if
you're a bank, Jamie Dimon's talked about this, a lot of other bank CEOs
have talked about this dynamic in the Treasury market and, fool me once,
shame on you, fool me twice kind of thing. So I think we're actually
headed for a meaningful breakout in the 30-year and it, in my opinion,
would be could be upwards of a 100 basis points to like over 6% later
this year. And and you just, you know, you get the momentum guys, you
get everybody on that trade once it starts going and this debt burden
problem that has to come post bill passing. So for me, the real catalyst
is when the bill comes. And, you know, we'll see what... I don't think
it's good for risk and I particularly don't think that it will be good
when people recognize this dynamic of risk down, yields up, and how
you're kind of stuck in that case because Fed cuts ultimately make
things worse.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
那么，也许我们可以谈谈我们认为这对流动性前景和整体宏观经济有何影响。因为在你看来，是的，这些是他们可以开始执行的因素，但无论如何，长期债券收益率似乎都可能上升。我很好奇你们俩对那会是什么样子有什么看法，因为显然在过去几个月里，长期债券的收益率已经几次触及5%的水平，第一次触及是在“解放日”前后，那次冲击导致国债市场出现了一些冻结。此后我们又触及了几次，情况没有那么惊险，但感觉上，尤其是30年期国债收益率超过5%这个水平，是没人真正希望看到的。所以，我很好奇你们俩如何看待我们突破5%这个水平的可能性。

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
正如你所说，30年期国债收益率已经触及5%有一段时间了，它似乎真的不想走低。我还会退一步指出，这是一个全球性问题，对吧？日本的40年期国债收益率前段时间也上了新闻，它一直在不断走高。但同样地，当我们想到日本的年份，它下降了很多，因为他们也采取了“耶伦经济学”的策略，对吧？他们改变了发债的构成，发行了更少的长期债券和更多的短期债券。所以当我们思考长期收益率时，我们必须记住，有很多技巧可以把它压低。其中之一就是像史蒂文·姆努钦（Steven
Mnuchin）会说的那样，搞一次“耶伦式”的激进财政部发债。所以这是可能的。但我认为，在没有这些干预的情况下，趋势是收益率走高。但你知道，这些事情都是被精心管理的。他们可以继续发行更多短期国库券，或者他们可以说因为SLR的原因，就去强迫银行购买更多的国债。现在，这根本不是他们在谈论的事情，但如果你回顾历史，每当一个政府债务过多时——这并非史上第一次——这种事一直在发生。所有政府实际上都会遇到这些问题。其中一个最常见的解决方案就是让你的商业银行买单。所以也许不是今天，但也许是明年，或者几年后，这可能会扮演更重要的角色，并为收益率设定一个软性上限。但在那发生之前，实际上，为了促成那一点，我们可能需要看到长期债券收益率继续走高。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
是的，我相信我们会突破5%。我认为这就像一个大的三年期上升三角形或楔形形态。而且我认为我们可能因为法案的延迟而避开了这一波行情，因为真正的催化剂是TGA开始补充的时候。但对我来说，如果你是一家银行——杰米·戴蒙（Jamie
Dimon）谈过这个，很多其他银行CEO也谈过国债市场的这种动态——“上一次当，是你的错；上两次当，是我的傻”。所以我认为我们实际上正走向30年期国债收益率的一次有意义的突破，在我看来，今年晚些时候可能会上涨超过100个基点，达到6%以上。而且你知道，一旦行情启动，你就会吸引那些动量交易者，每个人都会加入这个交易，而这个债务负担问题会在法案通过后出现。所以对我来说，真正的催化剂是法案通过的时候。我们会看到……我不认为这对风险资产是好事，我尤其不认为当人们认识到“风险下降，收益率上升”这种动态时，情况会好转，因为在这种情况下你有点被困住了，因为美联储降息最终只会让事情变得更糟。





<div id="section-7" class="section">

## 7. 2026年美联储主席换届的市场影响

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> An interesting thing I'm going
to throw into the mix here to think about too is the situation that
we're going to have to start to think a lot more about, which is what
happens in 2026 and who replaces Chair Powell. Because that is going to
very much start to be considered into the market, especially, you know,
something like the two-year yield is going to have to start to discount
that. So, we need to start thinking about what will it look like when we
get into this regime where if we see a long bond selloff at the same
time that we start to get guidance on who's going to replace Powell and
it's probably going to be a dove, a very very dovish, the doviest dove
you've ever seen. You know, we could and you're starting to see this in
the SOFR curve start to price it too and start to consider it, is what
happens in 2026 when we get a super dovish chair that cuts rates by 200
bips regardless of where we are in the economy and how's that get
digested? Because there's a lot of different crosscurrents there. If you
start to weight all your issuance towards bills, those are very
sensitive to the fed funds rate as opposed to on the long end. So, you
can cut your interest expense by a ton. But by doing so, you're probably
going to also lose the long end. And so, I'm curious on both of your
thoughts on how do you start to think about this fact of what could
happen if you know, let's just use this theoretical of 200 bips cutting
the Fed funds regardless of where we are in the economy. How does the
market digest that situation and deal with it?

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> You know, the president
gave an interview last week and he was like, "You know, Chair Powell,
he's like a stupid person. You know, maybe I'll just appoint myself."
So, hey, we'll just skip the middle man. We'll just have President Trump
be chair. After all, as he's mentioned before, it's like the easiest job
ever. You show up in the office once a month, you flip a coin, and then
everyone thinks you're a god. So, it's such an easy thing to do. He is a
rates guy. He says, "I'm a rates guy."

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Yeah. So, you're
right. I think that whoever President Trump appoints, it's going to be
someone who's pretty dovish. Now, to be clear, some of the people he's
been floating like Kevin Warsh, as I understand, he wanted to hike rates
after the Lehman Brothers went down. So, he's not historically known to
be a dove, but you know, we can evolve in our thinking. Other people, I
think whoever he chooses is probably going to have to profess some sort
of dovish inclination. So yeah, we definitely are going to get a dovish
Fed chair. If you were to really cut rates a lot, I think what I would
be looking at is the dollar because I think that could severely
depreciate the dollar. That would be really bad for old dollar assets.
When it comes to longer-dated bonds, yes, I definitely agree. Like
longer-dated yields going higher, that's going to be really bad for the
bond market. But again, like I mentioned before, there are so many tools
for the government to manage this. At the end of the day, this is just a
giant database. These are just numbers in a computer and the government
controls that computer. So they can make it so that your buyers, be it
the Fed at the very last, you know, Chair Trump would just go and buy
long or something like that. I'm not saying this will happen, but these
are things that they can do to make sure the long end doesn't get out of
control. What they have less control of is the currency. And so that's
what I would place my biggest bet on.

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> Yeah, I tend to agree. I
mean, you wonder how much of the psychological benefit of that easing
would be priced in ahead of time as well, right? Like I think as Joseph
mentioned, you would see the moves in the dollar and probably some of
these like gold or safe open assets. And as well as the bond market
really because if you're a 10, 20, 30 year long duration bond investor,
you know, the next year kind of doesn't matter too much relative to
what's out there. So that would be a dramatic steepener and in many ways
maybe even go against his actual, like the market effects actually might
go against his intentions in that sense. And what I also would point out
just on the interest expenses, the weighted average maturity of or
interest expense of US debt right now I think is like three and a half,
it's under four. So, even if the guy comes in and cuts a hundred from
here, it actually doesn't really lower interest expense all that much.
It'd go way more.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Yeah. So, I don't
know. I'm not buying too much or or incorporating the the sort of
hysteria around this this shadow Fed too much yet because I think
there's a lot of unknowns. But I do think as we get into like Q4, it
starts to become relevant when you're sub six months out.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
我想在这里加入一个有趣的因素来思考，那就是我们将不得不开始更多地考虑2026年会发生什么，以及谁会接替鲍威尔主席。因为这将会被市场非常认真地考虑进来，特别是像两年期国债收益率这样的指标，将不得不开始贴现这个因素。所以，我们需要开始思考，当我们进入这样一种机制时会是什么样子：如果我们看到长期债券被抛售，同时我们开始得到关于谁将接替鲍威尔的指引，而那个人很可能会是一个鸽派，一个非常非常鸽派，你见过的最鸽派的鸽派。你知道，我们可能会看到——而且你已经开始在SOFR曲线上看到市场在定价这个因素——2026年，当我们迎来一个超级鸽派的主席，无论经济状况如何都降息200个基点时，会发生什么？市场将如何消化这种情况？因为那里有很多不同的交叉潮流。如果你开始将所有发债都偏向短期国库券，那些对联邦基金利率非常敏感，而长端则不然。所以，你可以大幅削减你的利息支出。但这样做，你可能也会失去对长端的控制。所以，我很好奇你们俩对于这种情况的看法，如果出现我们所说的理论情况——无论经济状况如何都降息200个基点，市场将如何消化和应对？

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
你知道，总统上周接受了一次采访，他说：“你知道，鲍威尔主席，他就像个傻瓜。你知道，也许我干脆任命自己好了。”所以，嘿，我们就跳过中间人，直接让特朗普总统当主席。毕竟，正如他之前提到的，这就像是史上最简单的工作。你一个月去一次办公室，抛个硬币，然后所有人都认为你是神。所以，这太简单了。他是个懂利率的人，他说：“我是个懂利率的人。”

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
是的。所以，你说的对。我认为无论特朗普总统任命谁，都会是一个相当鸽派的人。需要澄清的是，他提到的一些人选，比如凯文·沃什（Kevin
Warsh），据我了解，他在雷曼兄弟倒闭后是想加息的。所以他历史上并不以鸽派著称，但你知道，人的思想是可以演变的。其他人，我认为无论他选择谁，都可能需要表现出某种鸽派倾向。所以是的，我们肯定会迎来一个鸽派的美联储主席。如果你真的大幅降息，我认为我会关注美元，因为我认为这可能会导致美元大幅贬值。这对所有美元资产来说都非常不利。至于长期债券，是的，我完全同意。长期收益率走高，这对债券市场来说会非常糟糕。但就像我之前提到的，政府有很多工具来管理这个问题。说到底，这只是一个巨大的数据库。这些只是电脑里的数字，而政府控制着那台电脑。所以他们可以做到让你的买家——无论是美联-储还是到最后，你知道，特朗普主席可能就直接去买长期债券之类的。我不是说这会发生，但这些是他们可以做的事情，以确保长端不会失控。他们较少能控制的是货币。所以这是我会下最大赌注的地方。

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
是的，我倾向于同意。我的意思是，你会想，这种宽松政策的心理效益有多少会提前被市场定价，对吧？就像Joseph提到的，你会看到美元的波动，可能还有一些像黄金或安全的开放资产。以及债券市场，真的，因为如果你是一个10年、20年、30年期的长期债券投资者，你知道，相对于未来，明年发生什么其实并不那么重要。所以那将会是一个急剧的收益率曲线陡峭化，在很多方面甚至可能与他的实际意图相悖，市场效应实际上可能会违背他的初衷。我还想指出关于利息支出的问题，美国债务的加权平均到期日或利息支出，我认为现在是3.5%左右，不到4%。所以，即使那个人上台后从现在的基础上降息100个基点，实际上并不会真正降低太多利息支出，需要降得更多才行。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
是的。所以，我不知道。我还没有过多地相信或者采纳围绕这个“影子美联储”的各种恐慌，因为我认为还有很多未知数。但我确实认为，当我们进入第四季度时，当离事件不到六个月时，它就开始变得重要了。





<div id="section-8" class="section">

## 8. 财政主导与货币政策的未来

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah. No, putting everything
together. Like you mentioned, so we have that stablecoin stuff,
Lummis-Gillibrand bill, stablecoins buying more bills, maybe they're
issuing more bills, maybe we'll have a Fed that cuts rates. That you add
that together, you end up with short rates lower and the government
borrowing more in the shorter dated sector. So that would be helpful for
interest expense. I don't know if that's what they actually do, but
that's a potential contours for a plan. Yeah, definitely stimulative and
inflation, pro-growth, pro-inflation, pro-nominal growth.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Another theme to all
of this is the theme of \*\*fiscal dominance\*\* (A situation where a
government's debt and deficit levels dictate monetary policy, forcing
the central bank to keep rates low to manage debt costs), which is a
word that gets thrown out, I think, a little too easily versus what
could really happen. But it's been interesting to see what's going on on
the fiscal side right now where we've started to see, it's been led by
Senator Ted Cruz, about removing \*\*interest on reserve balances
(IORB)\*\* (The rate the Fed pays banks for the reserves they hold at
the Fed), which is something that they implemented in '08 and, you know,
effectively the banks can park a bunch of their reserves at the Fed and
earn a pretty good yield. And that yield is basically, we are
subsidizing effectively bank revenues and profits from printing money.
That's effectively what happened. So that's the discussion at hand right
now. But it's a really interesting situation because we implement
monetary policy very differently from back in 2008 where the interest on
reserve balances is a very important factor for protecting that range of
the Fed funds range. So Joseph, I would love for you to just explain,
like obviously this is just a theoretical right now and it's just talk
at the Hill right now, but like what would be the impact of something
like that if we actually removed interest on reserve balances and what
would happen?

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> So like you mentioned, we
started paying interest on reserve balances after the great financial
crisis. Before that, reserves had no interest. So we started paying
because at that time the Fed was doing \*\*QE\*\* (Quantitative Easing:
A monetary policy where a central bank purchases securities from the
open market to increase the money supply and encourage lending and
investment), flooding the system with reserves and banks were stuck with
this asset that had zero yield and they were also in bad shape. So if we
gave them a little bit of interest, that would, you know, support their
income and they wouldn't have to be basically taxed by this. And the Fed
also uses to control interest rates. Now, there's a lot of ways to do
this. If we just, you know, went cold turkey and turned off IORB, I
think it'd be tremendously disruptive. Now, think about it. You're like
a bank, JPMorgan. You have a few hundred billion dollars worth of
deposits at the Fed that suddenly yield nothing. What are you going to
do now? First thing, you're going to put a lot in the reverse repo
facility. You're going to max that out. And then you're going to go out
and you're going to say buy bills, lend, and repo and so forth. And
that's going to put downward pressure on all short-term interest rates.
And the federal funds market would disappear because there's no point
for that. So it'll be chaotic. So it's not going to be how it's done.
They're going to have to design it in a certain way. So right now banks
hold about \$3 trillion in reserves. So at current interest rates,
they're getting, let's say, \$120 billion worth of interest income from
the government. They don't, we the government really doesn't need to be
paying all that to them. So there's definitely some scope to try to make
it so that, oh, maybe it's less. So I think this is something that Ted
Cruz has a point on and you don't actually need Congress to do this. You
just kind of need the Fed to do this or a new Fed chair. So this is
something the Fed has a right to do. They don't need Congress to do that
with.

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah, I bring that up around
this framing of fiscal dominance because that's, these are ideas that
are starting to feel like that because that's effectively, it feels like
the fiscal side of things is obviously they're always creating the
guardrails around monetary policy through congressional approval, but it
feels like this is getting a lot more heavy-handed where it's like,
"Hey, you know, this is what we're doing. We're trying to, we're trying
to narrow the fiscal deficit." And I'm just curious how you both think
about that situation of if we see this trend continue of these decisions
being made and then the Fed having to react in these different ways in
terms of how they actually implement monetary policy. It feels like
that's a very different theme from the last 15 years.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> I think fiscal
dominance has been with us for the last, really since, I mean, dating
back to COVID, but also the examples in 2022 and in 2023, the March
banking crisis, the real yield scare in October of '23. And in these
cases where they've had to do things to, really the reason they've had
to step into the markets in these cases is because of the pressure on
the long-term bond market. The worst case thus far was or recent case
has been the Bank of England gilt crisis in October '22, but you've also
had the Japanese bond market problems and Europe broadly. So, it's kind
of where everybody's headed and it's really like playing the game of
\*\*fiat pairs\*\* (Trading one government-issued currency against
another) is almost like, who's going to get in a worse situation quicker
and the cadencing. The reason the US dollar is so at risk in all of this
is because of the extreme... it's not that Japan's fiscal situation is
great or Europe or France is in anywhere decent of a spot. It's simply
because of the concentration of US asset holdings by foreigners. And
what I was saying earlier is this blowoff top and US dominance and
exceptionalism earlier this year that culminated in the largest
concentrations in asset flows into US dollar, US dollar assets in
decades. So that's the risk really here for the dollar is that that
rewinds as a result of whatever types of confidence crises that may
arise. But you know, immigration and tariffs are definitely helping
accelerate it.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的。不，把所有事情综合起来看。就像你提到的，我们有稳定币的问题，有Lummis-Gillibrand法案，稳定币购买更多的短期国库券，也许他们会发行更多的短期国库券，也许我们会有一个降息的美联储。把这些加在一起，你最终会得到更低的短期利率，并且政府在短期债券领域借贷更多。所以这对利息支出会有帮助。我不知道他们是否真的会这么做，但这是一种可能的计划轮廓。是的，绝对是刺激性的，支持增长、支持通胀、支持名义增长。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
这一切的另一个主题是\*\*财政主导\*\*（Fiscal
Dominance：指政府的债务和赤字水平决定了货币政策，迫使中央银行维持低利率以管理债务成本）的主题，我认为这个词被用得有点太轻易了，与实际可能发生的情况相比。但看到财政方面现在发生的事情很有趣，我们开始看到由参议员特德·克鲁兹（Ted
Cruz）牵头的，关于取消\*\*准备金余额利息（IORB）\*\*（Interest on
Reserve
Balances：美联储向银行存放在美联储的准备金支付的利率）的讨论。这是他们在2008年实施的政策，实际上银行可以把大量准备金存放在美联-储并获得相当不错的收益。而这个收益基本上就是，我们通过印钞来补贴银行的收入和利润。实际上就是这样。所以这是目前正在讨论的问题。但这是一个非常有趣的局面，因为我们现在的货币政策实施方式与2008年时大不相同，准备金余额利息是保护联邦基金利率区间的一个非常重要的因素。所以Joseph，我很想请你解释一下，显然这目前只是理论上的，只是国会的讨论，但如果我们真的取消了准备金余额利息，会产生什么影响？会发生什么？

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
正如你所说，我们在金融危机后开始为准备金余额支付利息。在此之前，准备金是没有利息的。我们开始支付利息是因为当时美联储正在进行\*\*量化宽松（QE）\*\*（Quantitative
Easing：中央银行从公开市场购买证券以增加货币供应并鼓励借贷和投资的货币政策），向系统注入大量准备金，而银行被迫持有这种零收益的资产，并且自身状况也不佳。所以如果我们给他们一点利息，就能支持他们的收入，他们就不必为此被征税。美联储也用它来控制利率。现在，有很多方法可以做到这一点。如果我们只是简单粗暴地关闭IORB，我认为这将是极具破坏性的。你想想，你是一家银行，比如摩根大通，你在美联储有几千亿美元的存款，突然之间这些存款没有任何收益了。你现在会怎么做？首先，你会把大量资金投入逆回购工具，你会把它用满。然后你会走出去，说去买短期国库券，放贷，做回购等等。这将对所有短期利率产生下行压力。而联邦基金市场将会消失，因为它没有存在的意义了。所以情况会很混乱。所以这不会是实际的做法。他们必须以某种方式来设计它。现在银行持有大约3万亿美元的准备金。按目前的利率，他们从政府那里得到大约1200亿美元的利息收入。我们政府真的不需要付那么多钱给他们。所以肯定有空间可以尝试让它少一点。所以我认为特德·克鲁兹在这点上是有道理的，而且你实际上不需要国会来做这件事。你只需要美联储或者一个新的美联储主席来做。这是美联储有权做的事情，他们不需要国会授权。

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的，我从财政主导这个框架来提出这个问题，因为这些想法开始让人感觉像是财政主导，因为它实际上感觉是，财政方面显然总是通过国会批准来为货币政策设定护栏，但感觉这次变得更加强硬，就像是说：“嘿，你知道，我们就要这么做。我们正试图，我们正试图缩小财政赤字。”我只是好奇你们俩如何看待这种情况，如果我们看到这种决策趋势继续下去，然后美联储不得不在如何实施货币政策方面以这些不同的方式做出反应。感觉这与过去15年的主题大不相同。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
我认为财政主导已经伴随我们很久了，真的，自从……可以追溯到COVID时期，还有2022年和2023年的例子，3月份的银行业危机，23年10月份的实际收益率恐慌。在这些情况下，他们不得不采取措施……实际上，他们在这些情况下不得不介入市场的原因，是长期债券市场面临的压力。迄今为止最糟糕的或最近的案例是22年10月的英国国债危机，但你也看到了日本债券市场和整个欧洲的问题。所以，这基本上是大家都在走向的方向，这真的就像在玩\*\*法定货币对\*\*（Fiat
Pairs：一种政府发行的货币对另一种的交易）的游戏，几乎就像是谁会更快地陷入更糟糕的境地以及节奏的问题。美元在这一切中之所以如此危险，是因为极端的……并不是说日本的财政状况很好，或者欧洲或法国处于任何像样的位置。这仅仅是因为外国人持有的美国资产的集中度。我早些时候说的是，今年早些时候的这种井喷式顶部以及美国的统治地位和例外论，最终导致了数十年来最大规模的资产流入美元和美元资产。所以这对美元来说真正的风险在于，由于任何可能出现的信心危机，这种情况会倒退。但是，你知道，移民和关税肯定在加速这一进程。





<div id="section-9" class="section">

## 9. 全球资本流动与“美国例外论”

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah. Okay. I want to zoom out
a little bit and start to incorporate some of the global impacts of both
capital flows and obviously the \*\*geopolitical\*\* (Relating to
politics, especially international relations, as influenced by
geographical factors) situation happening in the Middle East right now
and really just focus on the market impacts because I don't pretend to
have any sort of meaningful edge in predicting these geopolitical
outcomes right now. But what we do know is that what's developing in the
Middle East is increasing tail risk for oil, which would increase tail
risk for inflation, which would increase tail risk for long bond yields.
So you have that situation and then also this situation around global
capital flows. And to your point about the blowoff top in American
exceptionalism that we feel sort of happened in January, a lot of that
is also tied to tariffs and balance of payments resolution, whether that
be through tariffs or through basically capital controls. On the other
side, you know, there's some interesting tidbits in the big beautiful
bill right now that are effectively either taxing remittances or, you
know, foreign withholding taxes on US assets. Those are capital controls
that are looking to decrease the flow of funds into US assets. So based
on those two dynamics, I'm just curious where you guys are at in this
thesis of American exceptionalism because you know just to think about
the market in the last couple months coming out of liberation day. It
felt like, you know, Europe was outperforming on their equities. A lot
of different, you know, we saw these huge moves and so much of this has
been currency related, but the last couple weeks we've seen the US
market outperform a little bit. And so I'm just curious how you both are
thinking about these dynamics of an increasing oil price from tariffs in
the Middle East, these balance payment flows, and how that all comes
together into thinking about how much do I weight US domestic assets
versus the rest of the world.

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> Well, just looking past
the past few months, what we've seen is that, you know, before what
happened in the Middle East, there was some loss of the shininess of US
exceptionalism. We saw that after liberation day, dollar sold off,
Treasury sold off, US equity sold off, and then you have tremendous
outperformance in say European markets. And the theme then was that, you
know, the US, we are kind of overexposed. So Quinn had a great
presentation this morning talking about how foreigners are just super
super exposed to dollar assets and it seems like it was reversing a bit
where foreigners were moving back home a little bit. Now since what's
happened in the Middle East, I think first off that's going to affect
regions differently, right? For example, in Europe, they're much more
dependent upon imported energy than the US, who is actually the largest
energy producer in the world. And so what's been happening since then is
that US assets seem to be doing a bit better than European assets and
the dollar seems to be getting a tiny tiny bit in strength. But my read
is that the dollar safe haven bid is not really strong. I would have
thought it would be stronger given this prospect of significant
escalation in the Middle East. So I think this move away from US
exceptionalism or as some would say the de-dollarization of the US is a
structural theme. It's not going to happen in one day. It's going to be
two steps forward, one step back. So that glimpse of it we saw on
liberation day, I think we'll see it again and I think we'll see it more
often, but it's not just going to happen overnight. We have an entire
framework that's been built up over decades and it's just not going to
disappear so suddenly.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Yeah, I think it's
always, you know, there's always like a shot across the bow move and
then preceding a bigger bigger thing. Because the majority of people are
operating in the past regime and environment and, you know, nine, eight
times out of 10 they're rewarded for that, buying the dip or what have
you. And, you know, regime shifts don't come along too often. But in
this case, I agree with Joseph that the sort of decline of the dollar
is, there's many forces influencing that. And I think my view in the
more immediate term is that there's record short positioning in the
dollar. Everybody, every bank research report I get is their highest
conviction trade for the next six months is short dollar. And in the
futures market it's the same. And then you kind of mix in some of these
geopolitical things where, you know, if oil price does remain elevated,
even though I don't think that's so much the case because Trump's so
focused on it. He literally dedicated his first international visit to
the price of oil. So I'm not factoring that too much into my projection.
But I do see sort of a rinse of that positioning. You know, when
everybody thinks this outcome is going to happen, it doesn't always
happen linearly. And ultimately though, when if there is a larger
decline in US assets as a result of this and we just sat here and talked
about how foreigners are loaded up to the gills on exposure, they're
taking nominal wealth hits as well just alongside everybody else. And
so, yes, there's this dynamic of repatriation and reallocation away from
the US, but if you're doing that from a minus 10 or minus 20% basis, on
top of if the currency gets hit and stocks are down 10 or 15 and
currency is down five, that just adds to it. So, it's not like they're
flourishing and have all this money to bring back home in a good way. So
I think you could maybe just see a situation where those assets fall
less because there's less concentration, less holdings, and maybe on the
other side of it they outperform because people see this trend that's
coming. And the valuation difference is still there but could be the
next leg is just we haven't had the deleveraging yet. The musical chairs
are still being swapped around and if we do get a broader degrossing
event, then probably nothing, even maybe gold is not safe in some of
those cases.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的。好的。我想把视野拉远一点，开始考虑一些全球性的影响，包括资本流动和显然正在中东发生的\*\*地缘政治\*\*（Geopolitics：受地理因素影响的政治，特别是国际关系）局势，并且主要关注市场影响，因为我不敢自称在预测这些地缘政治结果方面有任何有意义的优势。但我们知道的是，中东的事态发展正在增加石油的尾部风险，这会增加通胀的尾部风险，进而增加长期债券收益率的尾部风险。所以你面临这种局面，还有全球资本流动的情况。关于你提到的“美国例外论”在今年一月达到井喷式顶峰的观点，其中很多也与关税和国际收支平衡的解决方案有关，无论是通过关税还是基本上通过资本管制。另一方面，你知道，现在那个庞大的法案中有一些有趣的细节，实际上要么是对汇款征税，要么是对美国资产征收外国预扣税。这些都是旨在减少资金流入美国资产的资本管制。所以基于这两种动态，我很好奇你们对于“美国例外论”这个论点的立场，因为只要想想过去几个月“解放日”之后的市场。感觉上，欧洲的股市表现优于美国。很多不同的……我们看到了这些巨大的波动，其中很多都与货币有关，但过去几周我们看到美国市场表现略有回升。所以，我只是好奇你们俩如何看待这些动态：中东关税导致的油价上涨，这些国际收支流动，以及这一切如何综合起来，思考我应该如何权衡美国国内资产与世界其他地区的资产。

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
嗯，回顾过去几个月，我们看到的是，在中东事件发生之前，“美国例外论”的光环有所褪色。我们在“解放日”之后看到，美元被抛售，国债被抛售，美国股市被抛售，然后欧洲等市场出现了巨大的超额表现。当时的主题是，你知道，美国，我们有点过度敞口了。所以Quinn今天早上有一个很棒的演讲，谈到外国人对美元资产的敞口是多么巨大，而且似乎情况正在发生一些逆转，外国人开始把资金撤回本国。现在，自中东事件发生以来，我认为首先，这对不同地区的影响是不同的，对吧？例如，在欧洲，他们对进口能源的依赖程度远高于美国，而美国实际上是世界上最大的能源生产国。所以自那以后发生的情况是，美国资产的表现似乎比欧洲资产好一些，美元似乎也略有走强。但我的解读是，美元的避险需求并不真的强劲。考虑到中东局势可能出现重大升级的前景，我本以为它会更强劲。所以我认为，这种脱离“美国例外论”的趋势，或者像一些人说的美国的“去美元化”，是一个结构性的主题。它不会在一天之内发生。它会是进两步，退一步。我们在“解放日”看到的那个苗头，我认为我们会再次看到，而且会更频繁地看到，但它不会一夜之间就发生。我们有一个建立了几十年的整个框架，它不会就这么突然消失。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
是的，我认为总是……你知道，总会有一个像“鸣枪示警”一样的举动，然后预示着更大事件的到来。因为大多数人仍在过去的体制和环境中运作，而且，你知道，十次中有八九次他们会因为这种做法而得到回报，比如逢低买入之类的。而且，体制的转变不会太频繁地发生。但在这种情况下，我同意Joseph的看法，美元的某种程度的下跌，有很多力量在影响它。我认为我更近期的看法是，美元的空头头寸创下了历史记录。我收到的每一份银行研究报告都说，他们未来六个月最有信心的交易就是做空美元。在期货市场上也是如此。然后你再把一些地缘政治因素掺和进来，比如，你知道，如果油价确实保持高位——尽管我不太认为会这样，因为特朗普非常关注它。他第一次国际访问就是为了油价。所以我没有把这个因素过多地纳入我的预测中。但我确实看到了那种头寸被清洗的迹象。你知道，当所有人都认为这个结果会发生时，它并不总是线性发生的。但最终，如果美国资产因此出现较大下跌——我们刚才还坐在这里谈论外国人持有多少敞口——他们也会像其他人一样遭受名义财富的损失。所以，是的，有这种资金回流和从美国重新配置的动态，但如果你是在下跌10%或20%的基础上这样做，再加上如果货币受到冲击，股票下跌10%或15%，货币下跌5%，这只会加剧损失。所以，并不是说他们欣欣向荣，有很多钱可以以一种好的方式带回家。所以我认为你可能会看到一种情况，那些资产下跌得更少，因为集中度更低，持有量更少，也许在另一边它们会表现得更好，因为人们看到了这个趋势正在到来。而且估值差异仍然存在，但下一阶段可能只是我们还没有经历去杠杆化。音乐椅的游戏还在继续，如果我们真的遇到一个更广泛的去杠杆事件，那么可能什么都……甚至黄金在某些情况下都可能不安全。





<div id="section-10" class="section">

## 10. 美元储备货币地位的挑战

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> It's always so tempting when we
get into this type of conversation of talking about the assets of the
reserve currency, which is the US dollar in present day, and it becomes
very tempting to start to think about, you know, these are a lot of
signs that lead to the end of reserve currency statuses often. Like, you
know, this morning we had a really great presentation from Mark DiNardo
who worked at Bridgewater and he's one of the heads of Ray Dalio's
investment research team and he walked us through, you know, looking at
different regimes of previous reserve currencies and how they fail and
the process for them. And it's really compelling stuff. So I'm just, I
myself, I find it very difficult to try to stay level-headed but then
also see a lot of these signs and it's like, you know, we're ticking all
the boxes right now heading towards this direction of reserve currency
change, but at the same time, that's been a losing trade for many, many
years now and there's been people talking about unsustainable fiscal
deficits for my entire life and we've gone through many phases of that.
So I'm just, you know, curious on a high level how you both
appropriately discount those two possibilities because it feels
irresponsible to not even consider change of reserve currencies because
the history shows that they do change in the way that we're seeing right
now. But at the same time, that's, you know, it's like what's the trade
on that, you know? So I'm just curious like how do you both balance
those possibilities?

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> I think that so people
have been talking about dollar losing reserve status for some time,
doesn't seem to be happening, but some assets have been benefiting from
that gradually over time. Gold for example, right? Gold just keeps going
higher and higher. So the dollar is still reserve currency, but gold is
still benefiting. So I think that will probably continue. I think that
we are at a point where I won't say reserve currency is being lost, but
being weakened and dollar being depreciated. And that seems so obvious
to me because there's so many factors going for it. Like you mentioned,
we got the very large fiscal deficit. But more importantly, we are doing
so many things that are just antagonizing people, foreigners,
discouraging them to hold our assets, right? Whether it to be perceived
to be behaving erratically, whether it to be, you know, just for
example, basically having trade policies that might involve some degree
of coercion and so forth. And I think there's a sense that the
administration doesn't actually want to have the reserve currency
because they think that there are people in there that think that the
burden that comes with being a reserve currency outweighs the benefits.
And so for this country to be able to have a stronger manufacturing
export sector, we need to have a weaker dollar. And I think some
perceive that reserve currency status is an impediment to having a
weaker dollar. So, I mean, if you don't really want to have reserve
currency, a lot of people do, and maybe that will just go to other
places who actually do, and that's going to take time. But we're
definitely doing all the right things to move towards that.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Yeah, it's such a
long-moving trend. I think you're better suited playing other things
right in that case because at the end of the day, it is a... if you're
playing fiat pairs, that's why you plot gold versus every currency and
it's kind of a straight line up with very few dips. You know, global
bond yields is a similar chart over a longer time horizon. Eventually
this would result in more commodity price appreciation and, you know,
with these things you get geopolitical issues rising which put scarcity
concerns on your supply chains and commodity resources. So I think
there's a lot of other ways you play it. But it is interesting because
for many years, every fund or investor, asset allocator, you know, in
the US but also abroad, given how much unhedged dollar exposure there
are from foreign investors, have just assumed the dollar to be this kind
of rock and stable currency and the best of the dirty shirts. But yeah,
the reflexivity of if that changes and how many people need to sort of
scrap their plans and rethink creates flows that beget flows. And it's a
very inflationary outcome for us and it creates these pockets of
different circumstances where we benefited from importing deflation via
a stronger currency. And if you go to a situation where your currency is
depreciating 5% year-over-year for three years or something, that's,
that means in a time where we're importing a massive trade imbalance,
that's very inflationary and has more ramifications.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
当我们谈论储备货币（目前是美元）的资产时，总是很诱人地开始思考，你知道，有很多迹象都指向储备货币地位的终结。就像，你知道，今天早上我们听了Mark
DiNardo的精彩演讲，他曾在桥水基金工作，是雷·达里奥投资研究团队的负责人之一，他带领我们回顾了以往不同储备货币的体制，以及它们如何衰落及其过程。这些内容真的很有说服力。所以我发现自己很难保持冷静，但同时又看到这么多迹象，感觉我们正在朝着储备货币更替的方向勾选所有的条件。但与此同时，这在很多年里一直是一个失败的交易，我这辈子都在听人们谈论不可持续的财政赤字，我们已经经历了很多个阶段。所以，我只是好奇，从宏观层面，你们俩如何恰当地权衡这两种可能性？因为不考虑储备货币的变化感觉是不负责任的，历史表明它们确实会像我们现在看到的那样发生变化。但同时，你知道，这上面的交易是什么呢？我只是好奇你们俩如何平衡这些可能性？

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
我认为，人们谈论美元失去储备地位已经有一段时间了，但这似乎并没有发生，但有些资产却在逐渐从中受益。比如黄金，对吧？黄金一直在不断走高。所以美元仍然是储备货币，但黄金仍在受益。所以我认为这种情况可能会继续下去。我认为我们正处在一个点上，我不会说储备货币正在失去，而是在被削弱，美元在贬值。这对我来说似乎非常明显，因为有太多的因素在推动它。就像你提到的，我们有非常庞大的财政赤字。但更重要的是，我们正在做很多事情，这些事情正在激怒人们，激怒外国人，不鼓励他们持有我们的资产，对吧？无论是被认为行为古怪，还是，你知道，例如，基本上有那些可能涉及某种程度胁迫的贸易政策等等。而且我认为有一种感觉，即本届政府实际上并不想拥有储备货币，因为他们认为其中有些人认为，作为储备货币所带来的负担超过了好处。所以为了让这个国家能够拥有更强大的制造业出口部门，我们需要一个更弱的美元。而且我认为有些人认为，储备货币地位是拥有一个更弱美元的障碍。所以，我的意思是，如果你真的不想要储备货币，很多人想要，也许它就会流向那些真正想要的地方，这需要时间。但我们肯定正在做所有正确的事情来朝那个方向发展。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
是的，这是一个非常长期的趋势。我认为在这种情况下，你更适合去投资其他东西，因为说到底，如果你在交易法定货币对，这就是为什么你把黄金与每种货币对比时，它几乎是一条直线向上，很少有回调。你知道，全球债券收益率在更长的时间范围内也是一个类似的图表。最终这会导致更多的大宗商品价格上涨，而且，随着这些事情的发生，地缘政治问题也会加剧，这会给你的供应链和商品资源带来稀缺性担忧。所以我认为有很多其他的方式可以玩这个游戏。但这很有趣，因为很多年来，每个基金或投资者、资产配置者，无论是在美国还是在国外——考虑到外国投资者有多少未对冲的美元敞口——都只是假设美元是这种坚如磐石的稳定货币，是“脏衬衫里最干净的一件”。但是，是的，如果这种情况发生变化，以及有多少人需要放弃他们的计划并重新思考，这种反身性会创造出“流动引发流动”的效应。这对我们来说是一个非常通胀的结果，它创造了这些不同的环境口袋，我们曾通过强势货币进口通缩而受益。而如果你进入一种情况，你的货币连续三年每年贬值5%或更多，这意味着，在一个我们进口大量贸易不平衡的时期，这是非常通胀的，并且有更多的后果。





<div id="section-11" class="section">

## 11. 投资组合策略：如何在不确定性中导航

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> Yeah. Yeah. All right. So, just
to wrap this up here, just want to talk a little bit about how to
navigate from a portfolio standpoint everything we just talked about
because to me it just feels like almost every asset class has some sort
of landmine associated with it right now. Whether that's okay, I'm going
to go own US equities, but oh wait, the flows are going to go in the
opposite direction for the next few years. Yes, we will get these
bounces of changes, but overall it's likely going in that direction.
Bond yields are looking like they're going to go higher. Rest of world
equity is interesting but then again to your point Joseph, geopolitical
tensions are a much greater tail risk for those countries. There's also,
you know, way too much regulatory red tape in Europe to be interested
with anything technology related there even though they may get those
positive flows. To me it sort of feels like you're left with gold and
bitcoin. Gold obviously we talked a bit about already and it just it
seems like a really solid bet. Bitcoin too, but it also has that
correlation to risk-off. So, if we do go into these sort of degrossing
moments like you talked about, Quinn, it's going to get hit with that.
So, you got to be managing your risk really effectively. But aside from
that, I just I see holes in everything else. I'm curious what you guys
think.

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span> Yeah, I hate the
risk-reward for almost every asset and I think like the most money to be
made over the next 12 months is probably on the short side of most
assets. And I guess you know if you're in cash, you're long the dollar
and even that is probably not that safe. So, I think you know inflation
protected securities, bonds, TIPS, like things like that. And playing
the short side. I do think like if you denominate your currency, if you
think about your portfolio and you're like, I'm dollar based, but well,
maybe I want to be gold based, so I'm always long gold or you know,
changing that up is probably prudent or playing currencies more often
than you would to protect your purchasing power in that way. So I think
there's more games to be played there. But yeah, I mean even Bitcoin,
you really have to wait till the intervention occurs before the positive
read-throughs of liquidity make it attractive from here because Bitcoin
is the liquidity release valve and if Powell's committing to being three
to six months delayed on cutting, like that's not an attractive setup
either. So my yeah, I think like short bonds, short equities almost, and
then eventually when the weakness does materialize, they will probably
cut more than they currently expect and they will turn from hawkish to
dovish and in that case, I guess the two-year note does really well. But
yeah, there's a lot of landmines out there. That's a good way to put it.

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span> Yeah. So, I agree with
you guys. I think there's a lot of things happening outside. So, for my
subscribers, I have a market view portfolio to help people think through
about how to position. So, in that portfolio, there's only two things.
It's cash and gold. And hopefully, as some of these riskier things
materialize and if the currency continues to decline, like I think it
will, you know, I think there'll be good buying opportunities in the
coming months. So, that's how I'm thinking about it now. Personally, I
like the short side, too. Yeah, sounds good.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
是的。好的。那么，为了结束今天的讨论，我想谈谈如何从投资组合的角度来应对我们刚才讨论的所有问题，因为对我来说，感觉现在几乎每个资产类别都伴随着某种地雷。比如说，好吧，我要去持有美国股票，但等等，未来几年的资金流向将是相反的。是的，我们会看到这些变化的反复，但总的来说，趋势可能是向那个方向发展的。债券收益率看起来要走高。世界其他地区的股票很有趣，但正如Joseph你所说，地缘政治紧张局势对那些国家来说是更大的尾部风险。欧洲也有太多的监管繁文缛节，让人对任何与科技相关的东西都提不起兴趣，即使他们可能会得到那些正向的资金流。对我来说，感觉你只剩下黄金和比特币了。黄金我们显然已经谈过一些，它看起来是一个非常稳固的选择。比特币也是，但它也与“风险规避”（risk-off）情绪相关。所以，如果我们真的进入你所说的那种去杠杆时刻，Quinn，它也会受到冲击。所以你必须非常有效地管理你的风险。但除此之外，我看到其他所有东西都有漏洞。我很好奇你们怎么看。

<span class="speaker-name">Quinn Thompson:</span>
是的，我讨厌几乎所有资产的风险回报比，我认为在未来12个月里，赚大钱的机会可能在于做空大多数资产。我想，如果你持有现金，你就是做多美元，但即使是这样也可能不那么安全。所以，我认为，通胀保值证券、债券、TIPS，这类东西。以及做空。我确实认为，如果你用不同的货币来计价，如果你思考你的投资组合，比如，我是以美元为基础的，但也许我想以黄金为基础，所以我总是做多黄金，或者，你知道，改变计价方式可能是明智的，或者更频繁地交易货币来保护你的购买力。所以我认为在那里有更多的游戏可以玩。但是，是的，我的意思是，即使是比特币，你也真的需要等到干预发生后，流动性的积极影响才能让它从现在开始变得有吸引力，因为比特币是流动性的释放阀，如果鲍威尔承诺要延迟三到六个月才降息，那也不是一个有吸引力的设置。所以我的看法是，做空债券，几乎是做空股票，然后最终当疲软显现时，他们可能会比目前预期的降息更多，他们会从鹰派转向鸽派，在这种情况下，我想两年期国债会表现得非常好。但是，是的，外面有很多地雷。你这个说法很好。

<span class="speaker-name">Joseph Wang:</span>
是的。我同意你们的看法。我认为外面正在发生很多事情。所以，对于我的订阅者，我有一个市场观点投资组合，帮助人们思考如何定位。在那个投资组合里，只有两样东西，就是现金和黄金。希望随着一些风险事件的显现，以及如果货币像我认为的那样继续贬值，你知道，我认为未来几个月会有很好的买入机会。所以，这就是我现在思考的方式。就我个人而言，我也喜欢做空。是的，听起来不错。





<div id="section-12" class="section">

## 12. 结语

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span> All right. Well, yeah, we'll
wrap it up there. Thanks for coming, Joseph. Always great to have you on
as well. Appreciate you jumping in last second. Appreciate that. Thanks,
guys. Thanks for listening.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

<span class="speaker-name">Felix:</span>
好的。那么，是的，我们就在这里结束。谢谢你来，Joseph。也一如既往地很高兴你能来。感谢你在最后一刻加入。非常感谢。谢谢大家。感谢收听。







<div class="copy-container">

一键复制为 Markdown
