---
title: "硅谷内部人士揭秘：Karen Hao 深度剖析 AI 公司的类邪教文化"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-06-30"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "Aaron Bastani"
  guest: "Karen Hao" 
  source: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8enXRDlWguU"
---



# 硅谷内部人士揭秘：Karen Hao 深度剖析 AI 公司的类邪教文化与全球影响

## 引言：技术背后的人性与选择

**Karen Hao:** I went to school with a lot of the people that now build
these technologies. I went to school with some of the executives at
OpenAI. I don't find these figures to be towering or magical. Like I
remember when we were walking around dorm rooms together in our pajamas
and it it instilled in me this understanding that technology is always a
product of human choices. And different humans will have different blind
spots. And if you give a small group of those people too much power to
develop technologies that will affect billions of people's lives,
inevitably that is structurally unsound.

**Karen Hao:**
我和现在构建这些技术的许多人曾是同学，其中也包括OpenAI的一些高管。我并不觉得这些人物高不可攀或充满魔力。我记得我们曾一起穿着睡衣在宿舍里闲逛的场景，这让我深刻地理解到，技术永远是人类选择的产物。而不同的人会有不同的盲点。如果你赋予一小群人过多的权力去开发将影响数十亿人生活的技术，这在结构上必然是不稳固的。

**Aaron Bastani:** Artificial intelligence is the backbone of some of
the biggest companies in the world right now. Multi-trillion dollar
companies can talk about nothing else but AI. And of course, whenever
it's discussed in the media by politicians and civil society, it's
compared invariably to the steam engine. It is going to be the backbone
for a new machine age. Some people are really optimistic about the
possibilities it will bring. They are the boosters, the techno
optimists, the technoutopians. Others are doomers. They're down on AI.
AGI, artificial general intelligence, it's never going to happen. And if
it does, well, it's going to look like The Matrix or maybe even the
Terminator and Skynet. We don't want that, do we?

**Aaron Bastani:**
人工智能是当今世界一些最大公司的支柱。数万亿美元市值的公司除了AI之外几乎无话可谈。当然，每当媒体、政治家和公民社会讨论它时，总会将其与蒸汽机相提并论。它将成为新机器时代的基石。有些人对它可能带来的机遇非常乐观，他们是助推者、技术乐观主义者、技术乌托邦主义者。另一些人则是末日论者，他们对AI持悲观态度。他们认为AGI（通用人工智能：Artificial
General
Intelligence，指拥有与人类同等或更高智慧的AI系统）永远不会实现。即使实现了，也可能会像《黑客帝国》或者《终结者》里的天网一样。我们不希望那样，对吧？

**Aaron Bastani:** Today's guest, however, is not speculating about the
future. Instead, they're very much immersed in the present and indeed
the recent past of the artificial intelligence industry. Karen Hao went
to MIT. She studied mechanical engineering. She knows the STEM game
inside out. But she made a choice to go into journalism and media to
talk about these issues with a fluency and a knowledge that very few
people have. Rather than speculate, what Karen has done with this book
is talk to people in the field. 300 interviews with 260 people in the
industry, 150 interviews with 90 employees of OpenAI, both past and
present. She has access to emails, company Slack channels, the works.
This is the inside account of open AI and the perils of artificial
intelligence, big tech, and big money coming after well, pretty much
everything. It's an amazing story told incredibly well. I hope you enjoy
this interview. Karen, how welcome to Downstream.

**Aaron Bastani:**
然而，今天的嘉宾并非在猜测未来。相反，她深入探究了人工智能产业的现状和不久的过去。Karen
Hao毕业于麻省理工学院（MIT），主修机械工程。她对STEM（科学、技术、工程和数学）领域了如指掌。但她选择进入新闻和媒体行业，以一种少有人及的流畅度和专业知识来讨论这些问题。Karen没有进行推测，而是在她的书中采访了该领域的从业者：与行业内260人进行了300次访谈，与OpenAI的90名现任及前任员工进行了150次访谈。她接触到了电子邮件、公司Slack频道等内部资料。这是关于OpenAI的内幕故事，揭示了人工智能、大型科技公司和巨额资本追逐一切的危险。这是一个讲述得极其精彩的惊人故事。希望你们喜欢这次访谈。Karen，欢迎来到Downstream。

**Karen Hao:** Thank you so much for having me, Aaron.

**Karen Hao:** 非常感谢你的邀请，Aaron。

**Aaron Bastani:** It's a real pleasure to have you on. Right. We say we
say that to everybody, every guest. Uh, but I have to say, and this has
had rave reviews, even though I've lost the uh the dust jacket, Empire
of AI with this huge poem you've written, 421 pages, I think, not
including the acknowledgements. Really, really interesting book. It's
about AI, this burgeoning industry in the United States around
artificial intelligence. That word has been in circulation since the
1950s, I believe.

**Aaron Bastani:**
非常荣幸能邀请你来。我们对每位嘉宾都这么说。但我必须说，这本书好评如潮，尽管我弄丢了护封。《AI帝国》这本巨著，我想有421页，还不包括致谢部分。这是一本非常、非常有趣的书。它讲述了AI，这个在美国围绕人工智能蓬勃发展的产业。我相信“人工智能”这个词自20世纪50年代就开始流传了。

## 定义AI：一个被营销包装的“手提箱词汇”

**Aaron Bastani:** Yeah. Before we drill down into your book, what is AI
and what do people mean by AI when they talk about it in 2025 in Silicon
Valley? This is you would think this is the easiest question, but this
is always the hardest question that I get because artificial
intelligence is quite poorly defined.

**Aaron Bastani:**
是的。在我们深入探讨你的书之前，我想问，什么是AI？当硅谷在2025年（此处应为2024年）谈论AI时，人们指的是什么？你可能会觉得这是最简单的问题，但这总是我遇到的最难回答的问题，因为人工智能的定义相当模糊。

**Karen Hao:** We'll go back first to 1956 because I feel like it helps
understand a little bit about why it's so poorly defined today. But the
term was originally coined in 1956 by this Dartmouth professor,
assistant professor John McCarthy. And he coined it to draw more
attention and more money to research that he was originally doing under
a different name. And that was something he has explicitly said a few
decades later. He said, "I invented the term artificial intelligence to
get money for a summer study." And that kind of that that marketing
route to the phrase is part of why it's really difficult to pin down a
specific definition today. The other reason is because generally people
say that AI refers to the concept of recreating human intelligence in
computers. But we also don't have a scientific consensus around what
human intelligence is. So quite literally when people say AI, they're
referring to an an umbrella of all these different types of technologies
that appear to simulate different human behaviors or human tasks. Um,
but it really ranges from something like Siri on your iPhone all the way
to chat GBT, which behind the scenes are actually really, really
different ways of operating. They're totally different scales in terms
of the consumption of the technologies. Um, and of course they they
often have different use cases as well.

**Karen Hao:**
我们先回到1956年，因为我认为这有助于理解为什么今天它的定义如此模糊。这个术语最初是在1956年由达特茅斯学院的助理教授约翰·麦卡锡创造的。他创造这个词是为了给他当时以另一个名字进行的研究吸引更多的关注和资金。几十年后他曾明确表示：“我发明‘人工智能’这个词是为了给一个夏季研究项目筹集资金。”这种营销驱动的起源，是今天难以给它一个确切定义的部分原因。另一个原因是，人们通常认为AI指的是在计算机中重现人类智能的概念。但我们对于什么是人类智能，也尚未达成科学共识。所以，当人们谈论AI时，实际上是在指代一个涵盖所有不同类型技术的总称，这些技术似乎能模拟各种人类行为或任务。但它的范围很广，从iPhone上的Siri到ChatGPT，它们背后的运作方式其实天差地别，技术消耗的规模也完全不同，当然，它们通常也有不同的应用场景。

**Aaron Bastani:** So right now when OpenAI meta when they use those
words AI in regards to their products specifically, what are they
talking about?

**Aaron Bastani:**
那么，当OpenAI、Meta这些公司在谈论其产品时使用“AI”这个词，他们具体指的是什么？

**Karen Hao:** Most often they are now talking about what are called
deep learning systems. So these are systems that train on loads of data
and you have software that can statistically compute the patterns in
that data and then that model is used to then make decisions or generate
text or make predictions. So most modern-day AI systems built by
companies like Meta, by OpenAI, by Google are now these deep learning
systems. So deep learning is the is is the same as machine learning is
the same as neural networks.

**Karen Hao:** 他们现在最常谈论的是所谓的深度学习（Deep
Learning）系统。这些系统在海量数据上进行训练，通过软件统计计算出数据中的模式，然后用这个模型来做决策、生成文本或进行预测。因此，像Meta、OpenAI、谷歌等公司构建的大多数现代AI系统都是深度学习系统。所以，深度学习、机器学习和神经网络是同义词。

**Karen Hao:** Deep learning is a subcategory of machine learning.
Machine learning refers to a specific branch of AI where you build
software that calculates patterns in data. Deep learning is when you're
specifically using neural networks to calculate those patterns. So you
have a what I call um one of the founding fathers of AI used to call AI
a suitcase word. So you because you can put whatever you want in the
suitcase and suddenly it AI means something different. So we have this
suitcase word of AI and then under that any datadriven AI techniques are
called machine learning and then any neural network datadriven
techniques are called deep learning. So it's the smallest circle within
this broader suitcase work. So deep learning and neural networks are
kind of interchangeable. Not exactly in the sense that neural networks
are referring to a piece of software and deep learning is referring to
the process that the software is doing.

**Karen Hao:** 深度学习是机器学习（Machine
Learning）的一个子类别。机器学习是AI的一个特定分支，你通过构建软件来计算数据中的模式。而深度学习特指使用神经网络（Neural
Networks）来计算这些模式。一位AI的奠基人曾把AI称为一个“手提箱词汇”，因为你可以往这个手提箱里放任何东西，然后AI的含义就变了。所以，我们有AI这个“手提箱词汇”，在其之下，任何数据驱动的AI技术都叫机器学习，而任何基于神经网络的数据驱动技术则被称为深度学习。它是这个大概念中最小的一个圈子。所以深度学习和神经网络在某种程度上可以互换，但不完全是。神经网络指的是一种软件，而深度学习指的是该软件正在进行的过程。

**Aaron Bastani:** Do you get upset when when when politicians so in
this country we have a prime minister called Keir Starmer, and they say
we think the NHS can save, you know, 20% by, you know, using AI
applications, right? Do you sort of think my good like these people have
no idea what they're talking about because that is such an expansive
term. It can't really it's its political convenience is precisely
doesn't mean anything.

**Aaron Bastani:** 当政客们，比如我们国家的首相基尔·斯塔默（Keir
Starmer），说他们认为通过使用AI应用，英国国家医疗服务体系（NHS）可以节省20%的开支时，你会不会感到沮丧？你会不会觉得，天哪，这些人根本不知道自己在说什么，因为这是一个如此宽泛的术语，它的政治便利性恰恰在于它什么都不指代。

**Karen Hao:** It it does frustrate me a little bit. I so I often use
the analogy that AI is like the word transportation. I mean if
transportation can refer to bicycles or rockets or self-driving cars or
gas guzzling trucks, you know, like they're all different modes of
transportation, serve different purposes, different costbenefit
analyses. And you would never have a politician say we need more
transportation to mitigate climate change. You would be like but what
kind of trans like what are you talking about? Well yeah we need more
transportation to stimulate the economy. I mean maybe in that case it's
like it's just yeah like there is a vagueness around the AI discussion
that is really unproductive and I think a lot of that leads to confusion
where people think AI equals one thing and AI equals progress and so we
should just have all of it but actually if we were to use the
transportation analogy you know like having more bicycles having more
public transit sounds great but if someone were actually referring to
just like using rockets to commute from, you know, um, Dublin to to
London and we were like, everyone should get a rocket now, like that's
going to bring us more progress, you'd be like, what are you talking
about? And that's effectively what these companies are doing with
general intelligence.

**Karen Hao:**
这确实让我有点沮丧。我经常用一个类比，说AI就像“交通”这个词。交通可以指自行车、火箭、自动驾驶汽车或耗油的卡车，它们是不同的交通方式，服务于不同目的，有不同的成本效益分析。你绝不会听到一个政客说“我们需要更多交通来减缓气候变化”，你会反问：“哪种交通？你在说什么？”或者说“我们需要更多交通来刺激经济”，这种说法太空泛了。围绕AI的讨论存在一种非常没有建设性的模糊性，我认为这导致了很多困惑，人们认为AI就等于某样东西，AI就等于进步，所以我们应该拥抱所有AI。但实际上，如果我们用交通来类比，拥有更多的自行车和公共交通听起来很棒。但如果有人实际上指的是用火箭从都柏林通勤到伦敦，并说“每个人现在都应该有枚火箭，这会带来更多进步”，你肯定会觉得他疯了。而这，实际上就是这些公司在用“通用智能”这个概念所做的事情。

## AI的隐性成本：环境与社会代价

**Aaron Bastani:** When you're giving people tools for free with regards
to generative AI to just generate stupid images of nonsense, that's kind
of what we're doing, right? I I presume you would take that analogy to
that level. It's like saying, "Let's use a rocket to get from Dublin to
London to Paris."

**Aaron Bastani:**
当你免费给人们提供生成式AI工具，让他们去生成一些无聊的胡闹图片时，这不就跟那个比喻一样吗？我猜你会把这个类比推到那个层面，就像说“让我们用火箭从都柏林去伦敦再去巴黎”一样。

**Karen Hao:** Yeah, exactly. Like, it's not fit for the task. Um, and
the the extraordinary amount of environmental costs for flying that
rocket when you could have flown a much more efficient plane to do the
same thing is like what are you doing, you know? Um, and that's some one
of the things that people don't really realize about artificial or about
generative AI is that the resource consumption required to develop these
models and also use these models is quite extraordinary and often times
people are using them for tasks that could be achieved with highly
efficient different AI techniques and you're but because we use the
sweeping term AI to mean anything then people just think, "Oh, yeah,
right, right. I'm just going to use Chat GBT for my one-stop shop
solution for anything AI related."

**Karen Hao:**
是的，完全正确。它并不适合这项任务。而且，当你本可以乘坐更高效的飞机完成同样的事情时，却选择用火箭，这会带来巨大的环境成本，你会想“你到底在干什么？”。这是人们对生成式AI不太了解的一点：开发和使用这些模型所需的资源消耗是相当惊人的。很多时候，人们用它们来完成一些本可以用其他高效AI技术实现的任务。但因为我们用“AI”这个笼统的术语来指代一切，人们就会想：“哦，好吧，那我就用ChatGPT作为我所有AI相关需求的一站式解决方案。”

**Aaron Bastani:** So, right now, data centers globally, I think, are
about 3 3.5% of CO2 emissions. I think the the data centers for AI are a
tiny fraction of that, but obviously they're growing at an extraordinary
pace.

**Aaron Bastani:**
目前，全球数据中心的二氧化碳排放量约占总量的3%到3.5%。我认为用于AI的数据中心只占其中的一小部分，但显然它们正以惊人的速度增长。

**Karen Hao:** Yeah. Are there any numbers out there with regards to
projected CO2 emissions of data centers globally 5, 10, 15 years from
now or is that also it's so recent that we can't really speculate about
the numbers involved?

**Karen Hao:**
是的。有没有关于未来5年、10年、15年全球数据中心预计二氧化碳排放量的数据？还是说这太新了，我们还无法真正预测相关数字？

**Karen Hao:** There are numbers around the energy consumption which you
could then use to kind of try and project uh project carbon emissions.
So there was a McKenzie report that recently projected that based on the
current pace of data center and supercomputer expansion for the
development and deployment of AI technologies, we would need to add
around half to 1.2 times the amount of energy consumed in the UK
annually to the global grid in the next 5 years. Wow.

**Karen Hao:**
有关于能源消耗的数据，你可以用它来尝试预测碳排放。麦肯锡最近的一份报告预测，基于当前AI技术开发和部署所需的数据中心和超级计算机的扩张速度，未来5年，全球电网需要增加的电量相当于英国年耗电量的0.5到1.2倍。这太惊人了。

**Karen Hao:** Yeah. And most of that will be serviced by fossil fuels.
This is something that Sam Alman actually even said in front of Senate
the Senate a couple weeks ago. He said it will most probably be natural
gas. So he actually picked the nicest fossil fuel. But we already seeing
reports of coal plants having their lives extended. They were meant to
be retired, but they're no longer being retired explicitly to power data
center development. We're seeing reports of Elon Musk's XAI, the giant
supercomputer that he built called Colossus in Memphis, Tennessee. It is
being powered with around 35 unlicensed methane gas turbines that are
pumping thousands of toxic air pollutants into the air into that
community. So this data center acceleration is not just accelerating the
climate crisis. It also is accelerating the public health crisis of
people's ability to access clean air as well as clean water. So one of
the aspects that's really undertalked about with this kind of AI
development, the OpenAI's version of AI development is that these data
data centers need fresh water to cool because if they used any other
kind of water, it would erode corrode the equipment. It would lead to
bacterial growth. And so most often these data centers actually use
public drinking water because when they enter into a community that is
the infrastructure that's already laid to deliver the fresh water to
companies, to businesses, to residents. And so one of the things that I
highlight in my book is there are many many communities that are already
they do not have sufficient drinking water even for people. And I went
to Monte Vido Uruguay to speak with people about a historic level of
drought that they were experiencing where the Monte Vido government
literally did not have enough water to put into the public drinking
water supply. So they were mixing toxic waste water in just so people
could have something come out of their taps when they opened them. And
for people that were too poor to buy bottled water, that is what they
were drinking. And women were having higher rates of miscarriages. uh
elderly were having an exacerbation or inflammation of their chronic
diseases. And in the middle of that, Google proposed to build a data
center that would use more drinking water.

**Karen Hao:**
是的。而且其中大部分将由化石燃料提供。几周前，萨姆·奥尔特曼（Sam
Altman）在参议院听证会上也提到了这一点。他说很可能是天然气，他选了最好听的一种化石燃料。但我们已经看到报道称，一些本应退役的燃煤电厂为了给数据中心供电而延长了使用寿命。我们还看到报道，埃隆·马斯克（Elon
Musk）在田纳西州孟菲斯建造的名为“巨像”（Colossus）的巨型超级计算机xAI，正由大约35台未经许可的甲烷燃气轮机供电，向当地社区排放了数千种有毒空气污染物。所以，数据中心的加速发展不仅加剧了气候危机，也加剧了人们获取清洁空气和水的公共健康危机。关于这类AI发展，特别是OpenAI模式的AI发展，一个很少被谈及的方面是，这些数据中心需要淡水来冷却。因为如果使用其他类型的水，会腐蚀设备、导致细菌滋生。因此，这些数据中心通常使用公共饮用水，因为当它们进入一个社区时，这是向公司、企业和居民输送淡水的现有基础设施。我在书中强调的一点是，许多社区本身就已经没有足够的饮用水供人使用了。我去了乌拉圭的蒙得维的亚，与当地人谈论他们正在经历的历史性干旱。蒙得维的亚政府的公共饮用水供应严重不足，他们只能将有毒废水混入其中，以确保人们打开水龙头时还能有水流出。对于那些穷得买不起瓶装水的人来说，这就是他们喝的水。女性流产率更高，老年人的慢性病也加重或发炎。就在这种情况下，谷歌提议建造一个将消耗更多饮用水的数据中心。

**Aaron Bastani:** This is called potable water, right? This is a
potable water. Yeah. Exactly. You can't use seaw water because of the
saline aspect that you Exactly. Exactly. And Bloomberg recently had a
story that said 2third of the data centers now being built for AI
development are in fact going into water scarce areas.

**Aaron Bastani:** 这就是所谓的饮用水（Potable
Water），对吧？是的，完全正确。你不能用海水，因为含盐分。彭博社最近的一篇报道指出，目前为AI开发而建的数据中心，有三分之二实际上位于缺水地区。

**Aaron Bastani:** You said a moment ago about um XAI unlicensed energy
generation using methane gas. When you say unlicensed, what do you mean?

**Aaron Bastani:**
你刚才提到xAI使用甲烷气体进行未经许可的能源生产。当你说“未经许可”时，你是什么意思？

**Karen Hao:** As in the company just decided to completely ignore
existing environmental regulations when they installed those methane gas
turbines. And this is actually a really one of the one of the things
that I concluded by the end of my reporting was not only are these
companies really corporate empires, but also that if we allow them to be
unfettered in their access to resources and unfettered in their
expansion, they will ultimately erode democracy. Like that is the
greatest threat of their behaviors. And what XAI is doing is a perfect
example of at the smallest level the they're enter these companies are
entering into communities and completely hijacking existing laws,
existing regulations, existing democratic processes to build the
infrastructure for their expansion. And we're seeing this hijacking of
the democratic process at every level, the smallest local levels all the
way to the international level.

**Karen Hao:**
意思就是，这家公司在安装那些甲烷燃气轮机时，完全无视现有的环境法规。这实际上是我在报道结束时得出的结论之一：这些公司不仅是真正的企业帝国，而且如果我们允许它们无限制地获取资源和扩张，它们最终将侵蚀民主。这是它们行为最大的威胁。xAI的做法就是一个完美的例子，在最微观的层面上，这些公司进入社区，完全绑架了现有的法律、法规和民主程序，来为自己的扩张建设基础设施。我们看到这种对民主进程的绑架发生在各个层面，从最小的地方层面一直到国际层面。

## 逐鹿AGI：科技巨头与新兴玩家的赛跑

**Aaron Bastani:** It's kind of that that orthodoxy of seek permission
after you do something is now I mean when you start applying this is
business as usual for those companies that's part of their expansion
strategy which we'll talk about and we're going to talk about um the
sort of global colonial aspect as well with regards to resource
consumption resource use just bring it back to the US again because at
the top of this conversation I want to offer a bit of a primer to people
out there who they maybe know what AI is they maybe have used chat GPT
what are the major companies we're now talking about in this space
particularly in the United States of America over the last 5 years who
who are the people in this race to AGI Mhm. allegedly um artificial
general intelligence something which you know either might be sentient
probably not or capable of augmenting its own intelligence more
plausible who are the major players in that field right now

**Aaron Bastani:**
这种“先斩后奏”的正统观念，现在已经成为这些公司的常规操作，是它们扩张战略的一部分，我们稍后会讨论。我们还会谈到资源消耗和使用方面的全球殖民主义问题。现在让我们回到美国。我想为那些可能知道AI是什么、可能用过ChatGPT的听众提供一个入门介绍。在过去五年里，特别是在美国，这个领域的主要公司有哪些？谁是这场通往所谓AGI（通用人工智能）竞赛的参与者？AGI，一种要么可能拥有感知能力（虽然可能性不大），要么能够增强自身智能（这更可信）的东西。目前这个领域的主要玩家是谁？

**Karen Hao:** one caveat on AGI is that it's as illdefined as the term
AI um so I like to think of it as just a rebranding you know the the
entire history of AI has just been been about rebranding and the term
deep learning was also a rebranding so anyway but the players First,
OpenAI of course they were the ones that fired the first shot with chat
GBT anthropic major competitor Google Meta Microsoft they're the older
uh internet giants that are now also racing to deploy these technologies
um super safe super intelligence which spun out of also uh o an open AI
splinter there are many openai splinters so this was founded very
recently by the former chief scientist of OpenAI and Thinking Machines
Lab founded very recently by a former chief technology officer of OpenAI
and Amazon is now trying to get into the game as well. So basic and
Apple is also trying to get in the game. So basically all the older
generation tech giants as well as a new crop of AI players are all
jostling in this space and that's just the US, right?

**Karen Hao:**
关于AGI，有一个需要注意的地方，就是它的定义和AI一样模糊。我倾向于把它看作是一次品牌重塑。整个AI的历史就是不断地品牌重塑，深度学习这个词也是一次重塑。但不管怎样，主要的参与者首先是OpenAI，他们用ChatGPT打响了第一枪。然后是主要竞争对手Anthropic、谷歌、Meta、微软，这些老牌互联网巨头现在也竞相部署这些技术。还有从OpenAI分裂出来的Safe
Superintelligence，这是由OpenAI前首席科学家最近创立的。OpenAI有很多分裂出来的公司。还有Thinking
Machines
Lab，由OpenAI前首席技术官最近创立。亚马逊和苹果也正试图加入这场游戏。所以，基本上所有老一代的科技巨头以及一批新兴的AI玩家都在这个领域里角逐，而这还仅仅是美国。

**Aaron Bastani:** And that's just the US, right? So the the Chinese
ecosystem is interesting because they're not so um they don't really use
the term AGI like that this is like a very kind of unique thing about
the US ecosystem is that there's a quasi religious fervor around that
underpins the construction of AI products and services whereas in China
it's much more like these are businesses we're building products that
users are going to use. So, if you're just looking at companies that are
building chat bots that are sort of akin to chat GBT, then we're talking
about Bite Dance, owner of Tik Tok. Um, Alibaba, the equivalent of
Amazon, BYU, the equivalent of Google, Huawei, the equivalent of Apple,
and uh, Tencent, the um, what is the equivalent of Tencent? I I guess
Meta is the equivalent of Tencent. So, they're also building on these
things. And there's similarly a crop of startups that are moving into
the generative AI space.

**Aaron Bastani:**
这还只是美国，对吧？中国的生态系统也很有趣，因为他们不那么……他们不怎么用AGI这个词。美国生态系统一个很独特的特点是，构建AI产品和服务的背后有一种准宗教般的热情。而在中国，它更像是商业行为，我们开发产品供用户使用。所以，如果你只看那些开发类似ChatGPT聊天机器人的公司，那么就有TikTok的母公司字节跳动，相当于亚马逊的阿里巴巴，相当于谷歌的百度，相当于苹果的华为，还有腾讯。腾讯相当于什么？我猜Meta相当于腾讯。所以，他们也都在开发这些东西。同样也有一批初创公司正在进入生成式AI领域。

**Aaron Bastani:** And in Europe, we've got the little tidlers like
Mistral in France, you know, really not not at the races cuz we're
Europe. Um what's the business case for all this? Because obviously
you've got massive companies often driven by maximizing shareholder
value, multi-trillion dollar valuations. You do these things, you invest
money to make money as a capitalist society. So what what is the
business case made by say Microsoft when they have their shareholder
meetings and they say we're going to allocate 4050 billion dollars
towards building data centers and so on.

**Aaron Bastani:**
在欧洲，我们有一些小角色，比如法国的Mistral，但因为我们是欧洲，所以真的没法和他们竞争。那么，这一切的商业逻辑是什么？因为显然，这些都是由最大化股东价值驱动的、市值数万亿美元的大公司。在资本主义社会，你投资是为了赚钱。那么，当微软在股东大会上说他们要投入四五百亿美元来建设数据中心时，他们的商业理由是什么？

**Karen Hao:** So it's really it's interesting that you mentioned
Microsoft because Microsoft has recently been pulling back their
investments in data centers. They they went all in and now they're
really rapidly starting to abandon data center projects. So to answer
your question, it is really unclear what the business case is and
Microsoft has been one of the first companies to start acknowledging
that and Satia Nadella has come onto some podcasts recently where he
actually stunned some people in the industry by being quite skeptical of
whether or not this race to AGI was productive. Um but one of the things
that I I really felt after reporting what is driving the fervor is you
can't actually fully understand it as just a story about money. It has
to also be understood as a story of ideology because when in the absence
of a business case then you ask why are people still doing this? And the
answer is there are people who genuinely fervently believe and they talk
about it as a belief in this idea that we can fundamentally recreate
human intelligence and that if we can do that there is no other more
important thing in the world because what else like how else you should
you be dedicating your time other than to bring about this
civilizationally transformative technology. And so that's part of why
what drives open AI, what drives Enthropic, what drives safe super
intelligence, these other smaller startups. And then the bigger giants
which are more business focused and more classic companies that actually
care about their bottom lines, they end up getting pressured because
shareholders are seeing the enormous amounts of investment by these
startups and they're seeing users start shifting from Google search to
using chat GBT as search. Chat GBT should not be used as search but
consumers think that it is. And then shareholders ask in Google's
shareholder meetings, what are you doing with AI? What is your AI
strategy? Why aren't you investing in this technology? And so then all
of the other giants end up racing in the same direction.

**Karen Hao:**
你提到微软很有趣，因为微软最近一直在缩减对数据中心的投资。他们曾经全力以赴，但现在正迅速开始放弃一些数据中心项目。所以回答你的问题，商业逻辑到底是什么，真的不清楚。微软是首批开始承认这一点的公司之一。萨提亚·纳德拉（Satya
Nadella）最近在一些播客节目中，对这场通往AGI的竞赛是否富有成效表示了相当大的怀疑，让业内一些人感到震惊。但我在报道后真正感觉到的是，驱动这股热潮的，你不能仅仅将其理解为一个关于金钱的故事，它也必须被理解为一个关于意识形态的故事。因为在缺乏商业案例的情况下，你就会问，为什么人们还在做这件事？答案是，有些人真诚地、狂热地相信，他们把它当作一种信仰——相信我们能够从根本上重现人类智能。如果能做到这一点，世界上就没有比这更重要的事情了。除了致力于实现这项能改变文明的技术，你还能把时间花在什么地方呢？这就是驱动OpenAI、Anthropic、Safe
Superintelligence等这些小型初创公司的部分原因。然后，那些更注重商业、更关心利润的传统大公司，最终也感到了压力。因为股东们看到了这些初创公司的巨额投资，也看到用户开始从谷歌搜索转向使用ChatGPT作为搜索工具——尽管ChatGPT不应该被用作搜索，但消费者就是这么认为的。于是股东们在谷歌的股东大会上质问：“你们在AI方面做了什么？你们的AI战略是什么？为什么不投资这项技术？”结果，所有其他巨头也都被迫朝着同一个方向赛跑。

**Aaron Bastani:** What does Warren Buffett make of it? That's what I
want to know. Is he sort of like you guys if he's like you guys are
wasting your money? He's like he's he's probably right. I have no idea.
Has he invested in AI?

**Aaron Bastani:**
沃伦·巴菲特对此怎么看？这是我想知道的。他是不是会觉得“你们这些家伙在浪费钱”？他可能说的是对的。我不知道他有没有投资AI？

**Karen Hao:** No, I don't I don't think so. He just sticks to Coke and
these sorts of things, doesn't he? I mean there's there's two rational.
So I think one is like you say a quasa religious fervor has inflected
the investment decisions of some of the world's most um valuable
companies which is just an extraordinary thing to even think about. I
suppose the other one is that a lot of people in this space, as we'll
talk about in a moment, are heavily influenced by people like Peter
Teal. And Peter Teal's orthodoxy is that competition is for idiots,
right? If you're going to start a business, it has to be a monopoly. And
I can only presume that companies like Microsoft, etc., Although maybe
that's not the best example now given recent events, but XAI, Open AI,
Meta, the only reason you would invest ultimately hundreds of billions,
trillions of dollars into this is because first mover advantage gives
you a monopoly on the most transformational technology since the steam
engine.

**Karen Hao:**
不，我不这么认为。他只坚持投资可口可乐这类公司，不是吗？我认为这里有两种逻辑。一种就像你说的，一种准宗教般的热情影响了世界上一些最有价值公司的投资决策，这本身就是一件非常不可思议的事情。我猜另一种是，这个领域的很多人，正如我们稍后会谈到的，深受彼得·蒂尔（Peter
Thiel）这样的人的影响。而彼得·蒂尔的信条是“竞争是给傻瓜的”。如果你要创业，就必须做成垄断。我只能推测，像微软等公司（虽然鉴于最近的事件，这可能不是最好的例子），还有xAI、OpenAI、Meta，它们最终投入数千亿甚至数万亿美元的唯一理由是，先发优势能让它们在自蒸汽机以来最具变革性的技术上获得垄断地位。

**Karen Hao:** Yeah. I mean, that's the only way I can make sense of it,
right? Have Have they has anybody in that space kind of said that we
want a we want the monopoly on AGI? We want to be the the Facebook of
AGI. Well, what OpenAI often says to investors is if you make this
seemingly fantastical bid into our technology, you could get the biggest
returns you've ever seen in your life because we will then be able to
use your funding to get to AGI first. So, it's still riding on this
concept of the fact that there might be an AGI, which is high, it's not
like rooted in scientific evidence. Um, and even if we fail, we will
successfully be able to automate a lot of human tasks to the point where
we can convince a lot of executives to hire our software instead of a
labor force. So that in and of itself could potentially end up
generating enough returns for you more than you've ever seen before. So
that's usually the pitch that they make. But you know it is a huge risky
bargain that these investors are actually pitching into. And and you
know a lot of investors they they have a bandwagon mentality like they
aren't necessarily doing their own analysis to say let me do this
investment. They're just seeing everyone glom onto this thing and
they're like well I don't want to miss out. Why don't we glom on as
well? But you know, there are some investors that have actually recently
reached out to me to be like, one of the most under reportported stories
right now is the amount of risk that is not just being taken on by these
VCs is actually being taken on by the entire economy because the money
that these investors are investing comes from like university endowments
and things like that. So if the bubble pops, it doesn't just pop for
Silicon Valley, it actually has will have ripple effects across the
global economy. I mean, when you look at the the the sort of e-commerce
bubble in the late 90s, okay, it was a bubble, you know, pets.com or
whatever. It was, you know, had these crazy valuations, but, you know,
buying and selling goods and services offline and then taking that
online. I mean, that makes sense. That's a that's a plausible sort of
commercial model, but like you say, nobody's really done that with
artificial intelligence. It does kind of feel like, you know, you read
these stories about Tulip Mania in 17th century Holland, and it does
kind of feel very similar.

**Karen Hao:**
是的。这是我唯一能理解的方式，对吧？这个领域里有人说过“我们想要垄断AGI”吗？我们想成为AGI领域的Facebook。OpenAI经常对投资者说的是，如果你对我们的技术进行这项看似异想天开的投资，你可能会获得一生中最大的回报，因为我们将能用你的资金率先达到AGI。所以，这仍然是建立在“可能存在AGI”这个概念上的，而这个概念并没有扎实的科学依据。即使我们失败了，我们也能成功地将大量人类任务自动化，到那时我们可以说服很多高管用我们的软件来替代劳动力。这本身就可能为你带来前所未有的回报。这通常是他们的说辞。但你知道，这是投资者们正在投入的一场巨大的、高风险的赌博。很多投资者有从众心理，他们不一定自己做了分析，只是看到大家都在追捧这个东西，就觉得“我可不想错过”，于是也跟着投。但你知道，最近有些投资者联系我，他们说，现在最被低估的报道之一是，这种风险不仅由这些风险投资公司承担，实际上是由整个经济体承担。因为这些投资者投入的钱，来自于大学捐赠基金之类的来源。所以如果这个泡沫破裂，受影响的不仅仅是硅谷，它会对全球经济产生连锁反应。你看90年代末的电子商务泡沫，好吧，那是个泡沫，比如pets.com之类的公司，估值高得离谱。但是，把线下买卖商品和服务的模式搬到线上，这是说得通的，是一个合理的商业模式。但就像你说的，在人工智能领域，还没有人真正做到这一点。这确实感觉有点像你读到的17世纪荷兰的“郁金香狂热”（Tulip
Mania），感觉非常相似。

## OpenAI的崛起：从非营利乌托邦到资本巨兽

**Aaron Bastani:** Um, you mentioned Open AI and we've talked about it
many times and of course OpenAI is is the central organization in this
book. What's the big idea behind Open AI? When it starts and when does
it start? Let's end of 2015.

**Aaron Bastani:**
你提到了OpenAI，我们也多次谈论它，当然OpenAI是你这本书的核心组织。OpenAI背后的宏大理念是什么？它何时以及如何开始的？

**Karen Hao:** 2015. So, it's 10 years old. What are the animating
values that give birth to open AAI? So open started as a nonprofit which
many people don't realize based on the fact that it's one of the most
capitalistic if not the most capitalistic organization in Silicon Valley
today.

**Karen Hao:**
2015年底。所以，它快10年了。催生OpenAI的驱动价值观是什么？OpenAI最初是一个非营利组织，很多人都不知道这一点，因为如今它已是硅谷最资本化的组织之一，如果不是最资本化的话。

**Karen Hao:** But it was co-founded by Elon Musk and Sam Alman as a bid
to try and create a fundamental AI research lab that could develop this
transformative technology without any kind of commercial pressures. So
they positioned themselves as the anti-Silicon Valley, the anti- Google
because Google at the time was the main driver of AI development. They
had developed a monopoly on some top AI research scientists and Musk in
particular had this really great fear of not just Google but Google's
deep mind uh Google's acquisition of deep mind where he was very worried
that this consolidation of some of the brightest minds would lead to the
development of AI that would go very badly wrong. And what he meant by
very badly wrong was it could one day develop sentience consciousness,
go rogue and kill all humans on the planet. And because of that fear,
Alman and Musk then thought, we need to do a nonprofit, not have these
profit- driven incentives. We're going to focus on being completely
open, transparent, and also collaborative to the point of
self-sacrificing if necessary. If another lab starts making faster
progress than us on AI and on the quest to AGI, we will actually just
join up with them. We will we will dissolve our own organization and
join up with them and uh that didn't hold for very long.

**Karen Hao:**
它由埃隆·马斯克和萨姆·奥尔特曼共同创立，旨在创建一个基础AI研究实验室，能够在没有任何商业压力的情况下开发这项变革性技术。他们将自己定位为反硅谷、反谷歌，因为当时谷歌是AI发展的主要驱动力，垄断了一些顶尖的AI研究科学家。马斯克尤其担心，不仅是谷歌，还有谷歌收购的DeepMind，他非常担心这些最聪明头脑的集中会导致AI发展走向非常糟糕的结局。他所谓的“非常糟糕”是指，有一天AI可能会发展出感知意识，失控并杀死地球上所有的人类。出于这种恐惧，奥尔特曼和马斯克认为，我们需要成立一个非营利组织，不受利润驱动的激励。我们将专注于完全开放、透明，并在必要时进行协作，甚至自我牺牲。如果另一个实验室在AI和通往AGI的探索上比我们进展更快，我们就会直接加入他们，解散我们自己的组织并加入他们。但这个承诺并没有持续很久。

**Aaron Bastani:** So what's their theory behind that? Because you know
at that point Google is now about maybe 2015 is maybe the world's most
valuable company. I don't know. is certainly up there and this is a
nonprofit. Yeah. So how how are they going to achieve AGI before Google?

**Aaron Bastani:**
他们背后的理论是什么？因为在2015年那个时候，谷歌可能是世界上最有价值的公司，或者至少是名列前茅。而OpenAI只是一个非营利组织。他们要如何才能在谷歌之前实现AGI呢？

**Karen Hao:** So initially the bottleneck that they saw was talent like
Google has this monopoly in talent. We need to chip away at that
monopoly and get some of those Google researchers to come to us and also
start acquiring PhD students that are just coming out of uni. And
because of that I have come to speculate this is not based on any
documents that I read or anything. I've come to speculate that part of
the reason why they started as a nonprofit in the first place is because
it was a great recruitment tool for getting at that bottleneck.

**Karen Hao:**
最初，他们看到的瓶颈是人才。谷歌在人才方面拥有垄断地位。他们需要打破这种垄断，吸引一些谷歌的研究人员加入，并招募刚毕业的博士生。因此，我开始推测——这并非基于我读到的任何文件——他们最初以非营利组织形式成立的部分原因，是它是一个绝佳的招聘工具，可以用来解决人才瓶颈问题。

**Karen Hao:** They could not compete on salaries with Google, but they
could compete on a sense of mission. And in fact, when Alman was
recruiting the chief scientist, Ilya Sutskever, who was the critical
first acquisition of talent, that then led to many other scientists
being really interested in working for OpenAI. He appealed to
Sutskever's sense of purpose, like do you want to do you want a big
salary and just to work for a for-profit company or do you want to take
a pay cut and do something big with your life? And it was actually that
reason that Sutzkever said, you know what, you're right. I I do want to
work for a nonprofit. And so that's how they initially conceived of
competing with Google was we we're starting a little bit late to the
game. How do we first get a bunch of really really smart people to join
us? let's create this really big sense of mission and and the I open the
book with two quotes in the epigraph and one of them is from Sam Alman
writing a blog post in 2013 and he quotes someone else that says
successful people build companies more successful people build countries
the most successful people build religions and then he reflects on this
and says it seems to me that the most successful founders in the world
don't actually set off to build a company. They set off to build a
religion. And it turns out building a company is the easiest way to do
so. And so, you know, it's not like 2013 and then 2015 he creates OpenAI
as a nonprofit.

**Karen Hao:**
他们在薪酬上无法与谷歌竞争，但可以在使命感上竞争。事实上，当奥尔特曼招募首席科学家伊尔亚·苏茨克维（Ilya
Sutskever）时——这是关键的第一个人才招募，这之后也吸引了许多其他科学家对为OpenAI工作产生兴趣——他诉诸了苏茨克维的使命感，问他：“你是想要高薪为一家营利公司工作，还是愿意降薪来做一件人生大事？”
正是这个原因，苏茨克维说：“你说得对，我确实想为一个非营利组织工作。”这就是他们最初设想的与谷歌竞争的方式：我们起步有点晚，如何才能先吸引一批非常聪明的人加入我们？让我们创造一种宏大的使命感。我在书的开篇引言中引用了两段话，其中一段来自萨姆·奥尔特曼2013年的一篇博客文章。他引用别人的话说：“成功的人建立公司，更成功的人建立国家，最成功的人建立宗教。”然后他反思道：“在我看来，世界上最成功的创始人实际上并不是着手建立一家公司，他们着手建立一种宗教。而事实证明，建立公司是实现这一目标最简单的方式。”所以，你知道，他在2013年就有了这样的想法，然后在2015年创建了非营利组织OpenAI。

**Aaron Bastani:** It's important to say as well, Sam Alman is not some
sort of idealistic um porpa, you know, he's working at Y Combinator. He
is very much inshed within the Silicon Valley elite. Um, I suppose also
there's tax as well, right? If you're a nonprofit, you've got the
mission, you've also got a bunch of tax breaks which you don't have as a
for profit. So maybe there's a very cynical genesis there. Um, but I
suppose just reading your book and becoming more familiar with the
arguments over time, you know, clearly the amount of compute you have is
is was always going to be critical. And if you if you believe on the in
the um neural network model, the deep learning model, the amount of
compute you have is always going to be critical. And it just seems
implausible that a nonprofit could ever have been able to compete with
Google, for instance, ever. like it seems implausible because you have
to spend as we now see tens of billions, hundreds of billions of dollars
on compute. Did nobody say that? Did nobody say, "Hey, you know, like
the bottleneck isn't just talent action. It's being able to spend
hundreds of billions of dollars on these Nvidia GPUs."

**Aaron Bastani:**
同样重要的是，萨姆·奥尔特曼并非某种理想主义的穷人。他当时在Y
Combinator（美国著名创业孵化器）工作，深植于硅谷精英圈。我猜想，还有税收方面的考虑，对吧？如果你是非营利组织，你既有使命感，也有一堆营利性公司没有的税收优惠。所以，其起源可能非常犬儒。但我猜，读了你的书，并随着时间推移越来越熟悉这些论点后，很明显，你拥有的算力（compute）量始终是至关重要的。如果你相信神经网络模型，即深度学习模型，那么你拥有的算力量就永远是关键。一个非营利组织似乎永远不可能与谷歌这样的公司竞争，这看起来简直不可思议，因为正如我们现在看到的，你必须在算力上花费数百亿甚至数千亿美元。难道当时没有人提出这一点吗？没有人说：“嘿，瓶颈不仅仅是人才，而是要有能力在这些英伟达的GPU上花费数千亿美元”？

**Karen Hao:** It's so interesting because at the time the idea that you
needed a lot of compute was actually neither very popular nor one that
was seen as that scientifically rigorous. So there were there were many
different ideas of how to advance AI. One was we already actually have
all the techniques that we need and we just need to scale them. But that
was considered a very extreme opinion. And then on the other extreme it
was we don't even have the techniques yet. And interestingly recently
there's a New York Times story that says why we likely won't get to AGI
anytime soon by Cade Mets. And he cites this stat that 75% of the
longest standing most respected AI researchers actually still think to
this day we don't actually have the techniques to get to AGI if we will
ever. So, it's we're we're kind of coming full circle now and it is
starting to become unpopular again. This idea that you can just scale
your way to so-called intelligence, but that was the research vibe when
openi started was we can actually maybe just innovate on techniques.

**Karen Hao:**
这很有趣，因为在当时，“需要大量算力”这个想法实际上既不流行，也不被认为是科学上严谨的。当时关于如何推进AI有很多不同的想法。一种是，我们实际上已经拥有了所有需要的技术，只需要扩大规模（scale
them）就行。但这被认为是一个非常极端的观点。而在另一个极端，是认为我们甚至还没有掌握所需的技术。有趣的是，最近《纽约时报》有一篇由Cade
Metz撰写的文章，标题是《为什么我们可能短期内无法实现AGI》。他引用了一个数据，即75%的资深且最受尊敬的AI研究人员至今仍然认为，我们实际上并没有实现AGI所需的技术，如果AGI真的可能实现的话。所以，我们现在又回到了原点，那种认为只要扩大规模就能实现所谓智能的想法又开始变得不受欢迎了。但在OpenAI成立之初，研究界的氛围是，我们或许可以通过技术创新来实现突破。

**Karen Hao:** And then very quickly because Ilya Sutskever in
particular was a scientist who anomalously did think that scaling was
possible and because Altman loved the idea of adding zeros to things
from his career in Silicon Valley and because Greg Brockman the chief
technology officer also very Silicon Valley entrepreneur liked that idea
as well then they identified why don't we go for scale because that is
going to be the fastest way to see whether we can beat Google. And once
they made that decision about less than a year in roughly is when they
started actually talking about that, that's when they decided we
actually need to convert into a forprofit because the bottleneck has
shifted now from acquiring talent to acquiring capital. And that is also
why Elon Musk and Sam Alman ended up having a falling out because when
they started discussing a for-profit conversion, both Elon Musk and Sam
Alman each wanted to be the CEO of that forprofit. And so they couldn't
agree. And originally Ilascover and Greg Brockman chose Musk. They
thought that Musk would be the better leader of OpenAI. But then Altman
essentially, and this is something that is very classic, a very classic
pattern in his career, became very persuasive to Brockman, who he had
had a long-term relationship with about why it could actually be
dangerous to go with Musk and like like I would definitely be the more
responsible leader so on and so forth. And then Brockman convinces
Sutskever and the two chief scientist, chief technology officer pivot
their decision and they go with Alman and then Musk leaves in a huff and
says I don't want to be part of this anymore

**Karen Hao:**
但很快，因为伊尔亚·苏茨克维这位科学家与众不同地认为扩大规模是可行的，也因为奥尔特曼从他在硅谷的职业生涯中就喜欢“给数字加零”这个想法，还因为首席技术官格雷格·布罗克曼（Greg
Brockman）这位典型的硅谷企业家也喜欢这个主意，他们就确定了方向：为什么不走规模化路线呢？因为这将是检验我们能否击败谷歌的最快方式。当他们在大约不到一年后做出这个决定并开始讨论时，他们就意识到，我们实际上需要转型为营利性公司，因为瓶颈已经从获取人才转向了获取资本。这也是为什么埃隆·马斯克和萨姆·奥尔特曼最终闹翻的原因。当他们开始讨论向营利性公司转型时，马斯克和奥尔特曼都想成为这家营利性公司的CEO。他们无法达成一致。最初，苏茨克维和布罗克曼选择了马斯克，他们认为马斯克会是OpenAI更好的领导者。但后来，奥尔特曼——这是他职业生涯中一个非常典型的模式——非常有说服力地向与他有长期关系的布罗克曼解释了为什么选择马斯克可能很危险，并表示自己绝对会是更负责任的领导者等等。然后布罗克曼说服了苏茨克维，于是首席科学家和首席技术官改变了他们的决定，选择了奥尔特曼。马斯克随后愤然离去，说他不想再参与其中了。

**Aaron Bastani:** which has become rather typical of the man hasn't it
subsequently but that is incredible really. So by 2016 there's a
recognition that in terms of capital investment they're going to have to
go toe-to-toe with maybe at that point the world's biggest company and
they're a nonprofit. Yeah. I just find it weird that and but lots of
people bought the propaganda that open AI was in some way open. Yeah.
What did the open stand for by the way?

**Aaron Bastani:**
这后来也成了他相当典型的行事风格，不是吗？但这真的令人难以置信。所以到了2016年，他们认识到在资本投资方面，他们将不得不与当时可能是世界最大的公司正面交锋，而他们自己还是一个非营利组织。我只是觉得这很奇怪，但很多人却相信了OpenAI在某种程度上是“开放”的宣传。顺便问一下，“开放”（Open）到底代表什么？

**Karen Hao:** The open originally stood for open source which in the
first year of open AI they really did open source things. They did
research and then they would put all their code online. So it it it
really was like they did they did what they said and then the moment
that they realized we got to go for scale then everything shifted. It's
such an amazing story and so emblematic of the 2010s that you have this
organization which presents itself as effectively an extension of
activism. Yeah. You know, ends up becoming today some people value open
AI at \$300 billion. Yeah. Um and it's doing all these terrible things
which we're going to talk about.

**Karen Hao:** “开放”最初代表开源（open
source）。在OpenAI的第一年，他们确实开源了很多东西。他们进行研究，然后把所有代码都放到网上。所以他们确实是言出必行的。但当他们意识到必须走规模化路线的那一刻，一切都变了。这是一个多么惊人的故事，也如此具有2010年代的代表性：一个将自己包装成激进主义延伸的组织，最终变成了今天估值高达3000亿美元的公司，并且还在做着我们接下来要讨论的各种可怕的事情。

## 帝国缔造者：萨姆·奥尔特曼的肖像

**Aaron Bastani:** Sam Alman specifically, who is he? What's his
background? How does this guy who nobody's heard of become the CEO of a
company which today is you know it's it's almost more valuable than any
company in Europe for instance.

**Aaron Bastani:**
具体到萨姆·奥尔特曼，他是谁？他有什么背景？这个名不见经传的人是如何成为一家如今比欧洲任何公司都更有价值的公司的CEO的？

**Karen Hao:** Yeah. Altman is he's spent his entire career in Silicon
Valley. He was a first a founder, a startup founder himself and he was
part of the first batch of companies that joined Y Combinator, one of
now today one of the most prestigious startup accelerators in Silicon
Valley. But at the time he was he was the very first class and no one
really knew what YC was. He did that for seven years. He was running a
company called Looped, which was a mobile-based social media platform,
effectively a Foursquare competitor, but which actually started earlier
than Foursquare. It didn't do very well. It was sold off for parts and
but what he did do very well during that time was ingratiate himself
with very powerful networks in Silicon Valley. So, one of the first and
longest mentors that he ended up having throughout his career is Paul
Graham, the founder of Y Combinator, who then plucked Sam Alman to be
his successor. And Sam Alman then at a very young age became president
of YC. And then he ended up doing that for around 5 years. And during
his tenure at YC, he dramatically expanded YC's portfolio of companies.
He started investing not just in software companies but also pushing
into quantum into self-driving cars into fusion and really going for
those hard tech engineering challenges. And if you look at how he ended
up then as a CEO of OpenAI, I think that he basically was trying to
figure out what is going to be the next big technology wave. Let me test
out all of these different things. position myself as involved in all of
these different things. Um, so in addition to all his investments, he
started cultivating this idea of AI also seems like maybe it'll be big.
Let me start working on an idea for a fundamental AI research lab that
becomes open AI. And once open AI started being the fastest one taking
off, then Alman hops over and becomes CEO.

**Karen Hao:**
是的。奥尔特曼的整个职业生涯都在硅谷度过。他自己首先是一名创业者，是第一批加入Y
Combinator的公司之一。YC现在是硅谷最负盛名的创业加速器之一，但他加入时是第一届，当时没人知道YC是什么。他做了七年，经营一家名为Looped的公司，这是一个基于移动端的社交媒体平台，实际上是Foursquare的竞争对手，而且比Foursquare更早。但公司经营得不太好，最后被分拆出售了。但在此期间，他做得非常好的一件事是，他成功地融入了硅谷非常有权势的网络。他职业生涯中最早也是最长期的导师之一是Y
Combinator的创始人保罗·格雷厄姆（Paul
Graham），格雷厄姆后来挑选萨姆·奥尔特曼作为他的继任者。于是奥尔特曼在很年轻的时候就成为了YC的总裁。他担任这个职位大约五年。在YC任职期间，他极大地扩展了YC的投资组合，不仅投资软件公司，还开始涉足量子计算、自动驾驶汽车、核聚变等领域，真正地去挑战那些硬核的科技工程难题。如果你看他后来如何成为OpenAI的CEO，我认为他基本上是在试图找出下一个大的技术浪潮是什么。他尝试了所有这些不同的东西，将自己定位为参与所有这些不同事务的人。除了他所有的投资，他也开始培养一个想法：AI似乎也可能成为一个大事件。于是他开始构思一个基础AI研究实验室的想法，这个实验室后来就成了OpenAI。一旦OpenAI开始成为发展最快的那个，奥尔特曼就跳槽过去当了CEO。

**Aaron Bastani:** He hops over. So how does that happen? Where does he
come from? Cuz like you say originally it's got people like he's there.
Who's there first? him or Ilya Sutskever? technically Alman recruited
Satzkever but Alman was only a a chairman he he didn't take an executive
role at OpenAI even though he founded the company. and similarly with
Musk Musk didn't have an executive role he was just a co-chairman so it
was just the two of them that were chairman of the board and Ilia Szver
and Greg Machmann were the main people the main executives that were
actually running the company dayto-day in the beginning I mean I have to
say reading the book Sam Alman he comes across as a a master manipulator
like masterful manipulator and understander of human psychology there's
this great quote let me get it up uh which you have I think it's from
Paul Graham. um Sam Alman has it you could parachute him into an island
full of cannibals and come back in 5 years and he'd be the king if
you're Sam Alman you don't have to be profitable to convey to investors
that you will succeed with or without them I mean. He just sounds He's
also described, by the way, as a once in a generation fundraising
talent. I think that's by you. um, how how is he able to just basically
come out of nowhere and compete with people like Elon Musk, Zuckerberg
as this kind of intellectual heavyweight in Silicon Valley in regards to
one of the major growth technologies of our of our decade.

**Aaron Bastani:**
他跳槽过去。这是怎么发生的？他从哪里来？因为像你说的，最初那里有其他人。谁先在那里的？他还是伊尔亚·苏茨克维？从技术上讲，是奥尔特曼招募了苏茨克维，但奥尔特曼当时只是一个主席，尽管他创立了公司，但他没有在OpenAI担任高管职务。马斯克也类似，他没有高管职务，只是联合主席。所以，最初只是他们两人担任董事会主席，而伊尔亚·苏茨克维和格雷格·布罗克曼是真正日常运营公司的主要高管。我必须说，读了这本书，萨姆·奥尔特曼给我的印象是一个操纵大师，一个对人性的心理了如指掌的大师。书里有一句很棒的引言，我找一下，我想是来自保罗·格雷厄姆的。“萨姆·奥尔特曼有种能力，你可以把他空投到一个食人族岛上，五年后回来，他会成为那里的国王。”“如果你是萨姆·奥尔特曼，你不需要盈利就能向投资者传达，无论有没有他们，你都会成功。”他听起来……顺便说一下，你也将他描述为一代人中难得一见的筹款天才。我想这是你说的。他是如何能够基本上从无到有，与埃隆·马斯克、扎克伯格这样的人物，在硅谷就我们这个时代最主要的增长技术之一，进行智力上的较量？

**Karen Hao:** So, from the public's perspective, he came out of
nowhere. But within the tech industry, everyone knew Sam Alman. You
know, like I I as someone who worked in tech, like I knew Sam Alman ages
ago because Y Cominator was just so important. It was as a CEO of
potential company that valuable. Was it always something that he might
be in? No, I don't think people ever thought that he would jump to
become the CEO of a company because he has such an investor mindset and
his approach has always been to be involved in many many companies. I
mean he invested in hundreds of startups as both the president of YC and
running some uh personal investment funds as well but people he was well
respected within the valley. He was seen as a critical lynchpin of the
entire startup ecosystem and not just by people within the industry but
by policy makers which is key. He started cultivating relationships with
politicians very very early on in his tenure as the president of YC. And
for example, I talk in my book about how Ash Carter, the head of the
Department of Defense under the Obama administration, came to Altman
asking, "How can we get more young tech entrepreneurs to partner with
the US government?" So, he was seen as a gateway into the valley. And
obviously the valley isn't just made of of of startups. There's also the
tech giants. But back then like starting a startup was way cooler than
working at a tech giant because Google, Microsoft, they were considered
the older safer options if you really wanted job security. But if you
wanted to be an innovator, if you wanted to do breathtaking things, you
would build a startup. And then that start your number one goal as a
startup founder was to get into YC. So Altman was the pinnacle. He was
he was a he was emblematic of the pinnacle of success in the valley.

**Karen Hao:**
从公众的角度看，他是凭空出现的。但在科技行业内部，人人都知道萨姆·奥尔特曼。作为一个在科技行业工作过的人，我很久以前就知道他，因为Y
Combinator太重要了。至于他是否一直有可能成为一家如此有价值的公司的CEO？不，我不认为人们曾想过他会跳槽去当一家公司的CEO，因为他有非常强的投资者心态，他的方法一直是参与到许许多多的公司中去。他作为YC总裁和运营一些个人投资基金，投资了数百家初创公司。他在硅谷内部备受尊敬，被视为整个创业生态系统的关键枢纽，这不仅是行业内人士的看法，决策者们也这么看，这一点至关重要。他在担任YC总裁的早期就开始与政界人士建立关系。例如，我在书中谈到，奥巴马政府时期的国防部长阿什·卡特（Ash
Carter）曾找到奥尔特曼，问他：“我们如何能让更多年轻的科技企业家与美国政府合作？”所以，他被视为进入硅谷的门户。显然，硅谷不仅仅由初创公司组成，还有科技巨头。但当时，创办一家初创公司比在科技巨头工作酷得多。谷歌、微软被认为是更老、更安全的选择，如果你真的想要工作保障的话。但如果你想成为一个创新者，想做一些惊天动地的事情，你就会去创办一家公司。而作为创业者，你的首要目标就是进入YC。所以，奥尔特曼是顶峰的象征，是硅谷成功的典范。

**Aaron Bastani:** And he even if his net worth wasn't the same as other
people in terms of his social capital, his networking, he understood
early on that's where the real value lies. Exactly. So interesting. I
mean some notes that I wrote down um cuz there are there are points
where I'm thinking why on earth is this gentleman the CEO of such a
valuable company he seems kind of useless and the notes I had down were
um people pleaser yes liar conflict averse. how'd you become the CEO of
such a successful company maybe you think that or don't think that I
don't know I mean at points it kind it comes across as almost psychotic
the capacity to to lie.

**Aaron Bastani:**
即使他的净资产不如其他人，但他在社交资本和人脉网络方面，很早就明白真正的价值所在。完全正确。太有趣了。我记下了一些笔记，因为在某些地方我在想，这位先生究竟为什么能成为这么有价值的公司的CEO，他看起来有点没用。我记下的笔记是：讨好型人格、骗子、回避冲突。你是如何成为这样一家成功公司的CEO的？也许你这么认为，也许不这么认为，我不知道。但在某些点上，他那种撒谎的能力几乎显得有些精神变态。

**Karen Hao:** Here's an interesting question for me and I don't know I
don't know how comfortable you are with answering it. In writing this
book, there's another alternative timeline where you basically write a
hography of Sam and you leave all of that out, right? There are other
writers out there, I won't name them, they sell a ton of books, and they
write very positive, affirming um biographies of these visionary
leaders, whether it's Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, etc. Why didn't you just
write that book about Sam Alman? You know, you would have made a ton
more money. Right. And I'm but I'm reading this stuff and I'm thinking,
my good this and it's so deaf and nuance your your portrait of Sam
Alman. I just think the guy I mean this this is going to really hurt him
when he reads this stuff. I imagine why didn't you do that? Take the
easy route.

**Karen Hao:**
我有一个有趣的问题，不知道你回答起来是否方便。在写这本书时，存在另一条时间线，在那里你基本上写了一本萨姆的传记，把所有负面都省略了，对吧？有很多作家，我就不点名了，他们卖出大量的书，写的都是关于这些有远见的领导者——无论是埃隆·马斯克还是史蒂夫·乔布斯——非常正面、肯定的传记。你为什么不直接写一本那样的关于萨姆·奥尔特曼的书呢？那样你能赚更多的钱。但我读着这些内容，心想，天哪，你对萨姆·奥尔特曼的描绘是如此细致入微。我想这家伙……当他读到这些东西时，肯定会很受伤。我很好奇你为什么不那么做？走那条容易的路。

**Karen Hao:** I don't know that that would have been the easy route. I
mean, I just wrote the facts and the facts come out that way, you know,
like I interviewed over 260 people across 300 different interviews and
over 150 of those interviews were with people who either worked at the
company or were close to Sam Alman. And that's just what they presented
was all of the details that I ended up putting in. And one of the things
that he that just came through again and again and again, well, two two
things that came through again and again, no matter how long someone
worked with him or how closely they worked with him, they would always
say to me, at the end of the day, I don't know what Sam believes. So
that's interesting. and then the other thing that came through was I
would ask them well what did he say to you he believed in this meeting
at this point in time for why the company needed to do this XYZ thing
and the answer was he always said he believed what that person believed
except because I interviewed so many people who have very divergent
beliefs and I was like wait a minute he's saying that he believes what
this person believes and then what that person believes and they're
literally diametrically opposite. So yeah, so I just I just ended up
documenting all of those different details to illustrate how people feel
about him. I mean, he's a polarizing figure both extreme in the positive
and negative direction. Some people feel he is the greatest tech um
leader of our generation and they but they don't say that he is honest
when they say that. They just say that he's one of the most phenomenal
assets for achieving a vision of the future that they really agree with.
And then there are other people who hate his guts and say that he is the
greatest threat ever. And it really also comes down to whether or not
they agree with his vision and they don't. And so then his persuasive
powers suddenly become manipulative tactics.

**Karen Hao:**
我不确定那条路是否就更容易。我的意思是，我只是写出了事实，而事实就是如此。我采访了超过260人，进行了300多次不同的访谈，其中超过150次是与在该公司工作或与萨姆·奥尔特曼关系密切的人进行的。他们所呈现的就是我最终写进书里的所有细节。有两件事反复出现：无论一个人与他共事多久，或关系多密切，他们最终总会对我说：“到头来，我不知道萨姆到底相信什么。”这很有趣。另一件事是，当我问他们：“在某个特定时间点的会议上，为了让公司做某件事，他告诉你他相信什么？”答案总是，他会说他相信那个人所相信的。但问题是，我采访了这么多信念迥异的人，我就会想，等一下，他说他相信这个人的信念，又相信那个人的信念，而这两个人的信念是完全相反的。所以，我最终只是记录了所有这些不同的细节，来展示人们对他的感受。他是一个两极分化的人物，在正面和负面方向上都非常极端。有些人觉得他是我们这一代最伟大的科技领袖，但他们在这么说的时候，并不会说他诚实。他们只是说，他是实现他们非常认同的未来愿景的最非凡的资产之一。而另一些人则对他恨之入骨，说他是前所未有的最大威胁。这真的也取决于他们是否同意他的愿景。如果他们不同意，那么他的说服力就突然变成了操纵手段。

## 全球帝国的构建：AI背后的资源掠夺与民主侵蚀

**Aaron Bastani:** Is this stuff you just talked about knowing these
people, this tiny group of people whose decisions now affect billions
already. Is this stuff a on the present trajectory? Is it an existential
challenge to democracy? And challenge is is speculative. Is it going to
end democracy?

**Aaron Bastani:**
你刚才谈到的，你认识的这些人，这一小撮人的决定现在已经影响了数十亿人。按照目前的发展轨迹，这是否对民主构成了生存挑战？“挑战”这个词还带有推测性。它会终结民主吗？

**Karen Hao:** I think it is greatly threatening and increasing the
likelihood of democracy's demise. But I I never make predictions of this
outcome will happen because it makes it sound inevitable. And one of the
reasons why I wrote the book is because I very much believe that we can
change that and people can act now to shape the future so that we don't
lose democracy. But on this trajectory, right, if the next 20 years,
like the last 20 years, on this trajectory for sure, I think it will end
democracy. Yeah.

**Karen Hao:**
我认为它极大地威胁并增加了民主消亡的可能性。但我从不预测某个结果一定会发生，因为这听起来像是不可避免的。我写这本书的原因之一，就是因为我坚信我们可以改变这一点，人们现在就可以行动起来，塑造未来，从而避免失去民主。但如果按照目前的轨迹，如果未来20年像过去20年一样，那么毫无疑问，我认为它将终结民主。是的。

**Aaron Bastani:** How quickly? We've really screwed up in the last 20
years, right? I wonder, you know, it's kind of Gosh. Yeah. I'll give it
maybe 20 years.

**Aaron Bastani:**
多快？过去20年我们已经搞砸了很多事，对吧？我好奇……天啊。大概20年吧。

**Karen Hao:** Yeah. We used to have this thing called privacy, high
streets, childhood, all gone. Um, you've said that um what OpenAI did in
the last few years is they started blowing up the amount of data and the
size of the computers that need to do this training in regards to the um
in regards to the um deep learning. Give me a sense of the scale. We've
talked a little bit about the data centers, but how much energy, land,
water is being used to power open AI just specifically as one company.

**Karen Hao:**
是的。我们曾经拥有隐私、商业街、童年这些东西，现在都没了。你说过，过去几年OpenAI所做的是，在深度学习训练方面，他们开始急剧增加数据量和所需计算机的规模。给我一个规模感。我们谈了一点数据中心，但具体到OpenAI这一家公司，它消耗了多少能源、土地和水？

**Karen Hao:** Yeah. To power open. That's really hard. Um because they
they don't actually tell us this. So we only have figures for the
industry at large and the amount of data centers. So it's not in their
annual reports for instance. No. Well, they don't have annual reports
because they're not a public company. Of course. Yeah. Huh. So that's,
you know, one of the ways that and and actually it doesn't matter if
they're a public company because Google and Microsoft, they do have
annual reports where they say how much capital they've spent on data
center construction. They do not break down how much of those data
centers are being used for AI. They also have sustainability reports
where they talk about the water and carbon and things like that, but
they do not break down how much of that is coming from AI either. And
they also massage that data a lot to make it seem better than it
actually is. But even with the massaging, there was that story 2 years
ago or sorry la last year 2024 where both Google and Microsoft reported
I think it was a 30% and 50% jump in their carbon emissions. Yeah.
Because largely driven by this data center development.

**Karen Hao:**
是的。为OpenAI供能的数据。这真的很难说，因为他们实际上并不公布这些信息。所以我们只有整个行业和数据中心数量的大致数据。比如，这不会出现在他们的年度报告里。他们没有年度报告，因为他们不是上市公司。当然。所以，这是一种方式……实际上，即使是上市公司也没关系，因为谷歌和微软有年度报告，会说他们在数据中心建设上花了多少资本，但他们不会细分其中有多少数据中心是用于AI的。他们也有可持续发展报告，会谈到水、碳排放等问题，但同样不会细分其中有多少是来自AI的。他们还会对数据进行大量美化，使其看起来比实际情况更好。但即使经过美化，去年（2024年）也有报道称，谷歌和微软的碳排放分别增长了30%和50%，这主要是由数据中心的发展驱动的。

**Aaron Bastani:** should we look at these companies as kind of
analogous to the East India Company of the 19th century?

**Aaron Bastani:** 我们是否应该将这些公司看作类似于19世纪的东印度公司？

**Karen Hao:** That is the analogy that I have increasingly started
using, especially with the Trump administration in power because the
British East India Company very much was a corporate empire and started
off not very imperial. They just started off as a company, very small
company based in London. And of course through economic trade agreements
with India gained significant economic power, political power and
eventually became the apex predator in that ecosystem and that's when
they started being very imperial in nature and they were the entire time
abetted by the British Empire the nation state empire. So you have a
corporate empire, you have a nation state empire and I literally see
that dynamic playing out now where the US government is also in its
empire era. The Trump administration has quite literally used words to
suggest that he wants to expand and fortify the American empire and he
sees these corporate empires like OpenAI as his empire building assets.
And so I think he is probably seeing it in the same way that the British
crown saw the British East India Company of let's just let this company
acquire all these resources, do all these things and then eventually
we'll nationalize the company and then India formally becomes a colony
of the British Empire. So Trump whatever the equivalent modern day
equivalent would be of nationalizing these these companies is his
endgame. like he is helping them strike all these deals and installing
all this American hardware and software all around the world with the
hope that then those become national assets and then you know there was
actually just a recent op-ed in Financial Times from Marate Shake one of
the former EU par parliamentarians who pointed out like isn't it so
convenient for the US to get all of this American infrastructure
installed everywhere around the world so that the US government could
literally turn it off at any time. I mean, if you want to talk about
empire building, there's that. But at the same time, these corporate
empires are also trying to use the American empire as an asset to their
empire building ambitions. So there's a very tenuous alliance between
Silicon Valley and Washington right now in that each one is trying to
use the other and ultimately trying to dominate the other. And there's a
growing popularity in Silicon Valley of this idea of a politics of exit.
This idea that democracy doesn't work anymore. We need to find other
ways of organizing ourselves in society. And maybe the best way of
organizing ourselves is actually a series ofworked companies with CEOs
at the top. So I don't ultimately know who's going to win like the
nation state empire or the corporate empire. But either version is bad
because all of the people in power now both the business ex executives
and the politicians do not actually care at all about preserving
democracy.

**Karen Hao:**
我越来越多地开始使用这个类比，尤其是在特朗普政府执政的背景下。因为英国东印度公司就是一个企业帝国，它起初并不具有帝国主义色彩，只是伦敦的一家小公司。当然，通过与印度的经济贸易协定，它获得了巨大的经济和政治权力，最终成为那个生态系统中的顶级掠食者，那时它才开始显露其帝国主义本性，并且在此期间一直得到大英帝国这个民族国家帝国的支持。所以，你有一个企业帝国，也有一个民族国家帝国。我确实看到这种动态正在上演，美国政府也正处于其帝国时代。特朗普政府直白地表示他想要扩张和巩固美利坚帝国，并将像OpenAI这样的企业帝国视为其建立帝国的资产。所以我认为，他可能就像英国王室看待东印度公司一样：让这家公司去获取所有这些资源，做所有这些事情，最终我们再将公司国有化，然后印度就正式成为大英帝国的殖民地。所以，特朗普的终极目标，就是对这些公司进行某种现代版的国有化。他正在帮助它们达成各种交易，在世界各地安装美国的硬件和软件，希望这些最终能成为国家资产。最近《金融时报》上有一篇前欧盟议员Marietje
Schaake的专栏文章指出，美国在世界各地安装所有这些美国基础设施，以便美国政府可以随时关闭它，这难道不方便吗？如果你想谈论建立帝国，这就是一个例子。但与此同时，这些企业帝国也试图利用美利坚帝国作为其帝国建设野心的资产。所以，硅谷和华盛顿之间现在存在一种非常脆弱的联盟，双方都想利用对方，并最终主宰对方。在硅谷，一种“退出的政治”（politics
of
exit）思想越来越流行，即认为民主不再有效，我们需要寻找其他组织社会的方式，也许最好的方式就是一系列由CEO领导的公司。所以我最终不知道谁会赢，是民族国家帝国还是企业帝国。但无论哪种版本都很糟糕，因为现在掌权的无论是商界高管还是政客，都根本不关心维护民主。

## 全球供应链上的隐形剥削

### 第一线的数据标注员

**Aaron Bastani:** You use one really grueling example actually in
Kenya. Can you talk about some of the research around that? Some of the
people you met.

**Aaron Bastani:**
你在书中用了一个在肯尼亚的非常残酷的例子。能谈谈那方面的研究和你遇到的人吗？

**Karen Hao:** Yeah. So I ended up interviewing workers in Kenya who
were contracted by OpenAI to build a content moderation filter for the
company. And at that point in the company's history, it was starting to
think about commercialization after coming from its nonprofit
fundamental AI research roots. And they realized if we're going to put a
text generation model in the hands of millions of users, it is going to
be a PR crisis if it starts spewing racist, toxic, hateful speech. In
fact, in 2016, Microsoft infamously did exactly this. They developed a
chatbot named Tay. They put it online without any content moderation and
then within hours it started saying awful things and then they had to
take it offline and to this day as evidenced by me bringing it up it's
still brought up as a horrible case study in corporate mismanagement and
so open I thought we don't want to do that we're going to create a
filter that wraps around our models so that even if the models start
generating this stuff it never reaches the user because the filter then
blocks it. In order to build that filter, what the Kenyon workers had to
do was wade through reams of the worst text on the internet as well as
AI generated text on the internet where OpenAI was prompting its models
to imagine the worst text on the internet. And the workers then had to
go through all of this and put into a detailed taxonomy, is this hate
speech, is this harassment, is this violent content, is this sexual
content? and the degree of hate speech of violence of sexual content. So
it was they were asking workers to say does it involve sexual abuse?
Does it involve sexual abuse of children? So on and so forth. And to
this day I believe if you look at OpenAI's content moderation filter
documentation, it actually lists all of those categories. And this is
one of the things that it offers to clients of their models, business
clients of their models that you can toggle on and off each of these
filters. So that's why they had to put this into that taxonomy. The
workers ended up suffering very many of the same symptoms of content
moderators of the social media era. Absolutely traumatized by the work
completely changed their personalities left them with PTSD. And I
highlight the story of this man Moin who is one of the workers that I
interviewed who showed to me that it's not just individuals that break
down. it's their families and communities because there are people who
rely on these individuals. And so Mofat was on the sexual content team.
His personality totally changed as he was reading child sexual abuse
every day. And when he came home, he stopped playing with his
stepdaughter. He stopped being intimate with his wife. And he also
couldn't explain to them why he was changing because he didn't know how
to say to them, "I read sex content all day. That doesn't sound like a
real job. That sounds like a very shameful job. Chad GBT hadn't come out
yet. So there was no conception of what does that even mean? And so one
day his wife asks him for fish for dinner. He goes out, buys three fish,
one for him, one for her, one for the stepdaughter. And by the time he
comes home, all of their bags are packed and they're completely gone.
And she texts him, "I don't know the man you've become anymore, and I'm
never coming back."

**Karen Hao:**
是的。我采访了肯尼亚的一些工人，他们受雇于OpenAI，为公司构建一个内容审核过滤器。在公司历史的那个节点，它在经历了非营利性基础AI研究的阶段后，开始考虑商业化。他们意识到，如果要把一个文本生成模型交到数百万用户手中，一旦它开始喷出种族主义、有毒、仇恨的言论，就会引发一场公关危机。事实上，2016年，微软就臭名昭著地做过这样的事。他们开发了一个名为Tay的聊天机器人，在没有任何内容审核的情况下就上线了，结果几小时内就开始说出可怕的话，他们不得不将其下线。至今，正如我所提到的，这仍然被当作企业管理不善的可怕案例。所以OpenAI想，我们不想重蹈覆辙，我们要创建一个包裹在我们模型外面的过滤器，这样即使模型生成了这些内容，也永远不会到达用户，因为过滤器会把它挡住。为了构建这个过滤器，肯尼亚的工人们必须浏览大量互联网上最糟糕的文本，以及AI生成的文本——OpenAI会提示其模型去想象互联网上最糟糕的文本。然后工人们必须将所有这些内容进行详细的分类：这是仇恨言论吗？这是骚扰吗？这是暴力内容吗？这是色情内容吗？还要对仇恨、暴力、色情内容的程度进行分级。他们要求工人判断内容是否涉及性虐待，是否涉及儿童性虐待等等。我相信直到今天，如果你查看OpenAI的内容审核过滤器文档，它实际上列出了所有这些类别。这也是它向其模型的商业客户提供的功能之一，你可以打开或关闭这些过滤器。这就是为什么他们必须将其进行分类。这些工人最终遭受了与社交媒体时代的内容审核员非常相似的症状：工作给他们带来了巨大的创伤，彻底改变了他们的性格，给他们留下了创伤后应激障碍（PTSD）。我重点讲述了一个叫Mofat的工人的故事，他告诉我，崩溃的不仅仅是个人，还有他们的家庭和社区，因为有人依赖这些个体。Mofat在色情内容团队工作，每天阅读儿童性虐待内容，他的性格完全变了。回家后，他不再和继女玩耍，不再和妻子亲密。他也无法向她们解释自己为什么变了，因为他不知道该怎么对她们说：“我整天都在看色情内容。”这听起来不像一份真正的工作，而是一份非常可耻的工作。当时ChatGPT还没出来，所以人们根本不知道这是什么意思。有一天，他妻子让他晚饭买鱼。他出门买了三条鱼，一条给他自己，一条给她，一条给继女。等他回到家时，她们的行李都打包好了，人已经走了。她给他发短信说：“我再也不认识你变成的这个男人了，我永远不会回来了。”

### 危机下的“幽灵工作者”

**Aaron Bastani:** And then on the other side of the of the Atlantic,
you talk about people in South America um doing effectively, you know,
mechanical turk peace work for these companies as well. Can you talk
about that a little bit?

**Aaron Bastani:**
在大西洋的另一边，你也谈到了南美洲的人们，他们实际上也在为这些公司做着类似于“机械土耳其人”（Mechanical
Turk，指亚马逊众包平台上的计件零工）的工作。能稍微谈谈那部分吗？

**Karen Hao:** Yeah, so generative AI is not the only thing that leads
to data annotation. This has actually been part of the AI industry for a
very long time. And so I ended up years ago interviewing this woman in
Colombia who was a Venezuelan refugee about the specific thing that
happened to her country in the global AI supply chain. So when in 2016
when when the AI industry first started actually looking into the
development of self-driving cars, there was a surge in demand for highly
educated workers to do data annotation labeling for helping self-driving
cars navigate the road. You have to show self-driving cars, this is a
car, this is a tree, this is a bike, this is a pedestrian. This is how
you avoid all of them. These are the lane markings. This is what the
lane markings mean. And they're humans that do that. And it just so
happened in 2016 when this demand was rising that Venezuela as a country
was was dealing with the worst peacetime economic crisis in 50 years. So
the economy bottomed out. A huge population of highly educated workers
with great access to internet suddenly were desperate to work at any
price. And these became the three conditions that I call the crisis
playbook in my book that companies started using to then scout out more
workers that were extremely cheap for working for the AI industry. And
so the woman that I met in Colia, she was not just it she was working in
a level of exploitation that was not based on the content that she was
looking at. She was labeling self-driving cars and labeling, you know,
retail platforms and things like that. The exploitation was structural
to her job in that she was logging into a platform every day and looking
at a queue that automatically populated with tasks that were being sent
to her from Global North companies and most of the time the tasks didn't
appear and when they did she had to compete with other workers to claim
the task first in order to do it at all. And because there were so many
Venezuelans in crisis and so many of them were finding out about data
annotation platforms in the end there were more and more and more
workers competing for smaller and smaller volumes of tasks. And so these
tasks would come online and then disappear within seconds. And so one
day she was out on a walk when a task appeared in her queue and she
sprinted to her apartment to try and claim the task before it went away.
But by the time she got back it was too late. And after that she was
like I never went on a walk during the weekday again. And on the
weekends which she discovered is less often less likely for companies to
post tasks. She would only allow herself a 30 minute walk break because
she was too afraid of that happening again.

**Karen Hao:**
是的，生成式AI并不是唯一需要数据标注的领域。这实际上是AI行业长期以来的一部分。几年前，我采访了一位在哥伦比亚的委内瑞拉难民，谈到了她的国家在全球AI供应链中发生的具体情况。2016年，当AI行业开始真正研究自动驾驶汽车开发时，对受过高等教育的工人进行数据标注的需求激增，以帮助自动驾驶汽车在道路上导航。你必须告诉自动驾驶汽车，这是一辆车，这是一棵树，这是一辆自行车，这是一个行人，以及如何避开它们。这些是车道线，这些是车道线的含义。这些都是由人类来做的。恰好在2016年，当这个需求上升时，委内瑞拉正经历着50年来最严重的和平时期经济危机。经济崩溃，大量受过高等教育、拥有良好互联网接入的人口突然之间不计代价地急于找工作。这成为了我在书中称之为“危机剧本”的三个条件，公司开始利用这些条件来寻找为AI行业工作的极其廉价的工人。我在哥伦比亚遇到的那位女士，她所遭受的剥削并不仅仅是基于她所看的内容。她负责标注自动驾驶汽车和零售平台等。剥削是她工作的结构性问题：她每天登录一个平台，看着一个队列，这个队列会自动填充来自北半球公司的任务。大多数时候任务根本不出现，而当任务出现时，她必须与其他工人竞争，才能抢到任务。因为有太多处于危机中的委内瑞拉人，他们都发现了数据标注平台，最终导致越来越多的工人为越来越少的任务而竞争。这些任务上线后几秒钟内就会消失。有一天，她正在散步时，队列里出现了一个任务，她冲回公寓，想在任务消失前抢到它，但等她回来时已经太晚了。从那以后，她说工作日她再也不去散步了。而在周末，她发现公司发布任务的可能性较小，她只允许自己散步30分钟，因为她太害怕同样的事情再次发生。

## 结论：如何反抗AI帝国？

### 公众可以采取的行动

**Aaron Bastani:** My last question what does the US public do about big
tech if it wants to take on some of these issues income inequality
regional inequality global imperial overreach etc. A few proposals and
which you know somebody can execute on. What would you suggest?

**Aaron Bastani:**
我的最后一个问题：如果美国公众想解决这些问题——收入不平等、地区不平等、全球帝国过度扩张等，他们能对大型科技公司做些什么？有没有一些可执行的建议？

**Karen Hao:** Yeah, I wouldn't even say it's just the US public. I
mean, anyone in the world can do something about it. And one of the
remarkable things for me in reporting stories is people who felt like
they had the least amount of agency in the world were actually the ones
that put up the most aggressive fights and actually started gaining
ground on these companies in take taking resources from them. So, I talk
about Chilean water activists who pushed back against a Google data
center project for so long that they've stalled that project. now for 5
years and they forced Google to come to the table and the Chilean
government to come to the table and now these these residents are
invited to comment every time there's a data center development proposal
which they then said is not it's not the end of the fight like they
still have to be vigilant and at any moment if they blink something
could happen but but anyone in the world I think has an active role to
play in shaping the AI development trajectory and the way that I Think
about it as the full supply chain of AI development. You have a bunch of
resources that these companies need to develop their technologies, data,
land, energy, water, and then you have a bunch of spaces that these
companies need access to to deploy their technologies. Schools,
hospitals, offices, government agencies. All these resources in all
these spaces are actually places of democratic contestation. They're
collectively owned. They're publicly owned. So, we're already seeing
artists and writers that are suing these companies saying, "No, you
cannot take our intellectual property." And that is them reclaiming
ownership over a critical resource that these companies need. We're
seeing people start exercising their data privacy rights. I mean, one of
my favorite things about visiting the UK and EU as an American that has
no federal data privacy law to protect me is to reject those cookies
every single web page that I encounter. That is me reclaiming ownership
over my data and not allowing those companies to then feed that into
their models. We're seeing just like the Chilean water activists,
hundreds of communities now rising up and pushing back against data
center development. We're seeing teachers and students escalate the a
public debate around do we actually want AI in our schools and if so
under what terms. And many schools are now setting up governance
committees to to to determine what their AI policy is so that ultimately
AI can facilitate more curiosity and more critical thinking instead of
just eroding it all away. The same thing I'm sure wherever your audience
is sitting right now. If they work for a company, that company is for
sure discussing their AI policy. Put yourself on that committee for
drafting that policy. Make sure that all the stakeholders in that office
are at that table actively discussing when and under what conditions you
would accept AI and from which vendors as well because again not all AI
models are created equal. So do your research on which AI technologies
you want to use and which companies are providing them. And I think if
we everyone can actually actively play a role in every single part of
the supply chain that they interface with, which is quite a lot. Most
people interface with the data part. Many people will now have data
center data centers popping up in a community near them. Everyone goes
to school at some point. Everyone works in some kind of office or
community at some point. If we do all of this push back a 100,000 times
fold and democratically contest every stage of this AI development and
deployment pipeline, I am very optimistic that we will reverse the
imperial conquest of these companies and move towards a much more
broadly beneficial trajectory for AI development.

**Karen Hao:**
是的，我甚至不会说这仅仅是美国公众的事。我认为世界上任何人都可以为此做些什么。我在报道中发现一件非常了不起的事情：那些感觉自己最没有能动性的人，实际上是进行了最激烈斗争的人，并开始在从这些公司手中夺回资源方面取得进展。比如，我谈到智利的水资源活动家，他们长期抵制谷歌的数据中心项目，以至于该项目停滞了五年，并迫使谷歌和智利政府坐到谈判桌前。现在，每次有数据中心开发提案，这些居民都会被邀请发表评论。他们说这并不是斗争的结束，他们仍然必须保持警惕，任何时候一眨眼都可能出事。但我认为，世界上的每个人都可以在塑造AI发展轨迹方面发挥积极作用。我把它看作是AI发展的整个供应链。这些公司开发技术需要一系列资源：数据、土地、能源、水。然后，他们部署技术需要进入一系列空间：学校、医院、办公室、政府机构。所有这些资源和空间实际上都是民主抗争的场所，它们是集体所有、公共所有的。我们已经看到艺术家和作家起诉这些公司，说：“不，你不能拿走我们的知识产权。”这是他们在收回这些公司所需关键资源的所有权。我们看到人们开始行使他们的数据隐私权。作为一个没有联邦数据隐私法保护的美国人，我访问英国和欧盟时最喜欢做的一件事，就是在我遇到的每一个网页上都拒绝那些cookies。这是我在收回我的数据所有权，不允许那些公司将其输入模型。我们看到，就像智利的水资源活动家一样，现在有数百个社区站起来抵制数据中心的发展。我们看到教师和学生正在推动一场公共辩论：我们真的希望AI进入我们的学校吗？如果希望，是在什么条件下？现在许多学校正在设立治理委员会来决定他们的AI政策，以确保AI最终能够促进更多的好奇心和批判性思维，而不是将其侵蚀殆尽。我相信，无论你的听众现在在哪里，如果他们在一家公司工作，那家公司肯定正在讨论其AI政策。让你自己加入起草该政策的委员会，确保办公室里所有的利益相关者都能在桌边积极讨论，在什么条件下、接受来自哪个供应商的AI。因为并非所有的AI模型都是平等的，所以要研究你想使用哪种AI技术以及提供这些技术的公司。我认为，如果每个人都能在他们接触到的供应链的每一个环节中都发挥积极作用——这其实很多，大多数人会接触到数据部分，很多人现在会在他们附近的社区看到数据中心出现，每个人都上过学，每个人都在某种办公室或社区工作过——如果我们把这种抵制放大十万倍，在AI开发和部署的每个阶段都进行民主抗争，我非常乐观地认为，我们将扭转这些公司的帝国征服，并朝着一个对AI发展更有广泛益处的轨迹前进。

### 最终的隐喻：《沙丘》与AI的宗教狂热

**Karen Hao:** have you ever read Dune by Frank Herbert? I've watched
the movie and it's sitting on my bedside table to actually read the
original. and I'm so glad that you asked me this because this is an
analogy that I use all the time now to describe the AI world. Yeah. But
Larry and Jihad. So yeah. So one of the things that was so shocking to
me because we already talked about this like quasi religious fervor
within the AI community and I was interviewing people who one of the
people that their voice was quivering when they were telling me about
the profound cataclysmic changes on the horizon. Like these are very
visceral reactions. These are true believers. And Dune strikes me as a
really good analogy for understanding this ecosystem because Paul
Atreides' mom in the story, she creates this myth to help position Paul
as a supreme leader and to ultimately control the population. And the
people who encounter this myth, they don't know that it's a creation.
So, they're just true believers. And at some point, Paul gets so wrapped
up in this own mythology that he starts to forget that it was originally
a creation. And this is essentially what I felt like I was I was seeing
with my interviews of people in the AI world because because I w I had
the opportunity to start interviewing people starting all the way back
in 2019. You know, I interviewed some people who for back then and for
the book to just map out their their trajectory and there were
non-believers back then that are true believers now. Like if they were
able to stay long enough at that company, they all in the end become
true believers in this AGI religion. And so there's this vortex of it's
like a black hole, ideological black hole. I don't know how to explain
it, but people when they swim too long in the water, it just becomes
them.

**Karen Hao:**
你读过弗兰克·赫伯特的《沙丘》（Dune）吗？我看了电影，原著正放在我的床头柜上准备读。我很高兴你问我这个问题，因为这是我现在一直用来描述AI世界的一个类比。是的，关于“Lisan
al-Gaib”和圣战。我们已经谈到了AI社区中那种准宗教般的热情，这让我感到非常震惊。我采访过一些人，其中一位在告诉我即将到来的深刻灾难性变革时，声音都在颤抖。这些都是非常发自内心的反应，他们是真正的信徒。《沙丘》在我看来是理解这个生态系统的一个绝佳类比。故事中，保罗·厄崔迪的母亲创造了一个神话，以帮助保罗成为至高无上的领袖，并最终控制民众。接触到这个神话的人并不知道它是被创造出来的，所以他们只是真正的信徒。在某个时刻，保罗自己也深陷于这个神话之中，以至于他开始忘记它最初只是一个创造物。这基本上就是我在采访AI界人士时所看到的情况。因为我有机会从2019年就开始采访人们，我采访了一些当时和为写书而采访的人，来描绘他们的发展轨迹。当时有一些非信徒，现在成了真正的信徒。如果他们在那家公司待得足够久，他们最终都会成为这个AGI宗教的真正信徒。所以这里有一个漩涡，就像一个黑洞，一个意识形态的黑洞。我不知道如何解释，但当人们在水里游得太久，水就变成了他们自己。

**Aaron Bastani:** So what you're saying is Sam Sam Alman is the Lisan
al-Gaib. That's the character and and Paul Graham maybe was the, you
know, the it would seem it would seem like that would be the most
appropriate character to assign to him. Yeah. Wow, this has been
fabulous. And I have to say honestly, the book is really, really
exceptional. Empire of AI. I read it so much that dust jacket I think my
daughter actually ripped it off. But anyway, uh it is a sensational
book. Sensational journalism, fantastic journalist. We don't have enough
of those in the world. Thank you. Um real pleasure to meet you, Karen.
Thanks so much for joining us.

**Aaron Bastani:** 所以你的意思是，萨姆·奥尔特曼就是“Lisan
al-Gaib”（《沙丘》中的救世主称号）。而保罗·格雷厄姆或许就是那个……看起来这似乎是分配给他最合适的角色了。是的。哇，这次访谈太精彩了。我必须诚实地说，这本书真的非常非常出色，《AI帝国》。我读得太多了，以至于护封都被我女儿撕掉了。但无论如何，这是一本轰动性的书，轰动性的新闻报道，了不起的记者。世界上这样的人太少了。谢谢你。非常高兴认识你，Karen。非常感谢你加入我们。

**Karen Hao:** It was great to meet you.

**Karen Hao:** 很高兴见到你。
