---
title: "克里斯·霍恩爵士在挪威银行投资管理公司《In Good Company》播客上的对话"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "克里斯·霍恩爵士（TCI创始人），尼古拉·坦根（主持人，挪威银行投资管理公司）"
  guest: "" 
  source: ""
---

<div id="report-container" class="report-container">

# 克里斯·霍恩爵士在《In Good Company》播客上的对话

<div class="speaker-intro">

**Speakers:** Sir Chris Hohn (Founder of TCI), Nikolai Tangan (Host,
Norges Bank Investment Management)

**主讲人：**
克里斯·霍恩爵士（TCI创始人），尼古拉·坦根（主持人，挪威银行投资管理公司）



## 引言 (Introduction)

### Nikolai Tangan:

Hi everyone, I'm Nikolai Tangan, and today we are joined by one of the
best investors of all time, actually. Sir Chris Hohn, not only is his
fund TCI one of the best and most successful funds that Europe has ever
seen, but also the charity is now one of the largest in the world. So
Chris, you continue to have an immense positive impact on the world.
Thanks for coming.

大家好，我是尼古拉·坦根。今天我们请到了一位堪称史上最杰出的投资者之一——克里斯·霍恩爵士。他的基金
TCI
不仅是欧洲有史以来最优秀、最成功的基金之一，其慈善基金会如今也位列全球规模最大的行列。克里斯，您持续地为世界带来巨大的积极影响。感谢您的到来。

## 优质投资的核心 (The Core of a Good Investment)

### Nikolai Tangan:

Let's start with the investment world. What makes a good investment?

让我们从投资世界开始。什么构成了一项好的投资？

### Chris Hohn:

I think this is something a lot of people get wrong. They think it's
about growth often, or something new. Neither of those things in
themselves matter to us. The most important thing, and without which
it's impossible for the types of investing that we do, is high barriers
to entry—the moats that Warren Buffett has talked about.

我认为很多人在这一点上都理解错了。他们常常认为关键在于增长，或者是什么新事物。但对我们来说，这两者本身并不重要。最重要的一点，也是我们这类投资不可或缺的，是高进入壁垒——也就是沃伦·巴菲特所说的“护城河”。

### Nikolai Tangan:

Before we dig into that, can a distressed asset of a piece of real
estate that's selling at half price because of a liquidation also be a
good investment?

在我们深入探讨之前，我想问一下，一个因清算而以半价出售的不良房地产资产，也能算是一项好的投资吗？

### Chris Hohn:

Yes. So, can there be a role for cheap average assets? Yes, let's call
them low-quality assets which are trading at big discounts to
replacement cost. That's the type of investing that can work. I've done
it in my time—cheap average businesses or cheap bad businesses. But I
don't feel that I can have any confidence in that type of investing,
because the earnings power of those average businesses is unpredictable.

是的。那么，廉价的普通资产有其用武之地吗？当然，我们可以称之为以远低于重置成本的价格交易的低质量资产。这种投资方式是可行的。我以前也做过——投资于廉价的普通企业或廉价的劣质企业。但我感觉自己对这类投资没有信心，因为那些普通企业的盈利能力是不可预测的。

So, what are good moats? The most important answer is ones that are
sustainable. Ideally, you would have multiple moats, multiple pieces of
defense. It is basically something that means that the business is
difficult to replace and difficult to compete with. You have
substitution risk and competition risk. Those long-term become very
difficult because competition kills profits. That's as simple as that.
Substitution eliminates your business.

那么，什么是好的护城河？最重要的答案是：可持续的护城河。理想情况下，企业应该拥有多重护城河，即多重防御。护城河基本上意味着该业务难以被替代，也难以与之竞争。你要面对替代风险和竞争风险。从长远来看，这些风险非常棘手，因为竞争会扼杀利润，就这么简单。而替代则会直接消灭你的业务。

So we look at many moats. One which most investors don't really look at,
interestingly, is irreplaceable physical assets. We're in a world where
people just look at earnings; they don't look at asset value or physical
assets. And so we like quite a bit of infrastructure. Airports for
example, one of our investments has been the airport group in Spain
where the government privatized, Aena. You can never build a second
airport at Madrid or any other places. These are natural monopolies.
That also applies to toll roads, railroads, and telecom towers. There
are many forms of infrastructure, like transmission towers, that are
hard to compete with because they're natural monopolies.

所以我们关注多种护城河。有趣的是，有一种大多数投资者并不真正关注的护城河，那就是不可替代的实物资产。我们生活在一个人们只关注盈利，而不看重资产价值或实物资产的世界。因此，我们相当偏爱基础设施。例如机场，我们的一项投资是西班牙的机场集团
Aena，它是由政府私有化的。你永远无法在马德里或其他地方建造第二个机场，这些都是自然垄断。这也适用于收费公路、铁路和电信塔。许多形式的基础设施，如输电塔，都因其自然垄断的特性而难以与之竞争。

Of course, some of these things can be overbuilt, like cable, so there's
a form of infrastructure but it's usually you have to look at the
details of case by case. It's very unusual to get the planning to build
a second airport. There's no economic case for it. I mean, I can't
remember how long they struggled to get an extra runway at Heathrow. For
roads, there's no economic case to build a second road, or you don't
have the land.

当然，其中一些可能会被过度建设，比如有线电视，这也是一种基础设施，但你通常需要具体情况具体分析。想要获得规划许可来建造第二个机场是非常罕见的，这在经济上是不可行的。我记得希思罗机场为了增加一条跑道挣扎了多久。对于公路来说，建造第二条路没有经济上的理由，或者你根本没有土地。

A second moat is intellectual property, which is so advanced that it's
very difficult to replicate. One space we like is aircraft engines. It
is a very complicated product because the materials' complexity—the
engines run at such high temperatures that metals melt—and so many
different things have to come together, thousands and thousands of
complex parts. That's a business where there are only two players in
narrow-body engines and two in wide-body, and there have been no new
entrants for more than 50 years. That tells you something. It's a big
industry, but it's so complex, very hard to enter.

第二种护城河是知识产权，其技术非常先进以至于极难复制。我们喜欢的一个领域是飞机发动机。这是一个非常复杂的产品，因为材料的复杂性——发动机在极高的温度下运行，足以熔化金属——并且需要成千上万个复杂部件协同工作。在这个行业，窄体发动机只有两家公司，宽体发动机也只有两家，而且过去50多年里没有新的进入者。这说明了一些问题。这是一个庞大的产业，但极其复杂，进入门槛非常高。

Another barrier to entry is an installed base, which applies to the
aircraft engine business. Once those engines are there, for various
reasons, you get the spare parts business on it. Another barrier to
entry is scale, although that's not a guarantee of a competitive moat.
Network effects is another important barrier to entry. You can see this
in assets like Visa, Meta, two examples of network effects. And brands
are another barrier to entry. But I'm not saying every brand is
powerful. But you know, you think about a McDonald's, it has a value.
There are some brands which are powerful and sustainable, but not all.
And I'll mention one more moat which is customer switching costs. Take
mission-critical software: once it's installed, companies are very
reluctant to mess with it and switch because of the complexity.

另一个进入壁垒是“已安装基础”，这在飞机发动机业务中尤为明显。一旦这些发动机被安装，出于各种原因，你就能获得其备件业务。还有一个壁垒是规模，尽管这并不能保证形成竞争护城河。“网络效应”是另一个重要的进入壁垒，你可以在像Visa和Meta这样的资产中看到这一点，它们是网络效应的两个例子。“品牌”也是一个进入壁垒，但我并不是说每个品牌都很强大。但比如麦当劳，它就具有价值。有些品牌强大且可持续，但并非所有品牌都如此。我再提一个护城河，那就是“客户转换成本”。以关键任务软件为例：一旦安装，由于其复杂性，公司非常不愿意去改动和更换。

### Nikolai Tangan:

How important are recurring revenue streams for you when you look at
businesses?

在您考察企业时，经常性收入流对您有多重要？

### Chris Hohn:

It is important, but the predictability of when they recur is not. Let
me give you an example. So what's most important for us is something
slightly different, which is an essential product or service. We don't
like things which are discretionary. One space we've invested in for a
long time is rating agencies. These are the people who basically give a
character to different types of debt, they say is it good or bad. To
people who invest in bonds, they say is it investment grade,
non-investment grade, and give research. You can actually defer—an
issuer pays for the rating—but they don't have to refinance their bonds
in any given year. They can delay and defer, but eventually the debt has
to be refinanced and rated. So I think an essential need is the bigger
point, but usually our companies have recurring and predictable revenue
streams of essential products.

这很重要，但收入重现的可预测性却并非如此。让我举个例子。对我们来说，更重要的是一个略有不同的概念，即“必需的产品或服务”。我们不喜欢那些可有可无的东西。我们长期投资的一个领域是评级机构。这些人基本上是为不同类型的债务“定性”，判断它是好是坏。对于债券投资者，他们会告知这是投资级还是非投资级，并提供研究。发行人为评级付费，但实际上他们可以推迟——他们不必在任何特定年份为其债券再融资。他们可以延迟，但最终债务必须再融资并获得评级。所以我认为，“必需性”是更重要的一点，但通常我们投资的公司都拥有来自必需产品的、经常性且可预测的收入流。

## 增长、定价权与监管 (Growth, Pricing Power, and Regulation)

### Nikolai Tangan:

So do they have to grow?

那么，它们必须增长吗？

### Chris Hohn:

Depending on valuation, not necessarily, or not necessarily at a fast
rate. And growth can come from two forms: volume and price. So you have
to break it down. Now, why isn't growth as important as investors
usually assume it to be? Because you can have profitless growth. The
airline industry over a hundred years has had a lot of growth. Airline
travel has grown at 5% a year consistently. But airlines as a business
cumulatively and collectively have made almost minimal profits, despite
growth, because of the very low barriers to entry. So I would say growth
without barriers to entry is not a combination that you want.

这取决于估值，不一定需要增长，或者不一定需要高速增长。增长可以来自两个方面：销量和价格。所以你必须将其分解来看。那么，为什么增长并不像投资者通常认为的那么重要呢？因为你可能会有“无利润的增长”。航空业在过去一百年里增长显著，航空旅行量每年持续增长5%。但作为一个行业，尽管有增长，航空公司累积起来的利润却微乎其微，原因就是进入壁垒极低。所以，我会说，没有进入壁垒的增长并不是你想要的组合。

### Nikolai Tangan:

Some of these businesses are quite capital intensive, like it's not
cheap to build an airport. Does that matter for you?

其中一些业务是相当资本密集型的，比如建一个机场并不便宜。这对您来说重要吗？

### Chris Hohn:

Well, you have to look at everything in detail. Some airports, well all
airports have regulation on landing charges, but for some the
non-landing charges are unregulated—the shops, the advertising, the VIP
lounges, the parking. And the so-called dual-till regulation: one till
is regulated, one till is unregulated. And those are very low capital
intensity and have high returns on capital. They grow because there's
more and more demand for travel. So again, capital intensity by itself
is part of the equation, but it's not the ultimate factor. What trumps
all of this is the barrier to entry.

嗯，你必须仔细研究所有细节。一些机场，实际上是所有机场，其起降费都受到监管，但对某些机场而言，非起降费是不受监管的——比如商店、广告、贵宾休息室、停车场。这就是所谓的“双柜台”监管模式：一个柜台受监管，另一个不受监管。那些不受监管的业务资本密集度非常低，资本回报率却很高。它们之所以增长，是因为旅行需求持续增加。所以，资本密集度本身只是方程式的一部分，但并非决定性因素。最重要的是进入壁垒。

I want to go back to the point about growth coming from price and
volume. Most companies don't have pricing power. They can only price, if
they're lucky, at inflation. That's why people don't focus on it; they
just assume it's volume plus inflation. But there is a special group of
super companies that can price above inflation. And that's, as Buffett
taught, the test of whether you have the moat. This real pricing power
above inflation can be very valuable. Because if you can price 1% above
inflation and you have a 20% profit margin, your profits will grow 5%
faster than revenue. People don't analyze it because there are so few
companies that have it. But a lot of our investments have this, because
incremental pricing is pretty much all profit. This is why I distinguish
between volume growth and pricing growth. If I have low volume growth
but a lot of pricing growth, that's actually more important because of
the leveraged effect—there's no cost associated with it.

我想回到增长来源于价格和销量这一点。大多数公司没有定价权。如果幸运的话，它们最多只能按通胀率定价。这就是为什么人们不关注它，他们只是假设增长等于销量加上通胀。但有一类特殊的“超级公司”，它们能够以高于通胀率的速度提价。正如巴菲特所教导的，这就是检验你是否拥有护城河的标准。这种超越通胀的真实定价权非常有价值。因为如果你能以高于通胀1%的价格提价，并且有20%的利润率，那么你的利润增长速度将比收入快5%。人们不去分析它，是因为拥有这种能力的公司太少了。但我们很多投资都具备这一点，因为增量定价几乎全是利润。这就是为什么我区分销量增长和价格增长。如果我的销量增长缓慢，但价格增长强劲，后者实际上更重要，因为它具有杠杆效应——没有与之相关的成本。

### Nikolai Tangan:

What about regulation? You've been big in things like electricity
transmission.

那么监管呢？您在电力传输等领域有大量投资。

### Chris Hohn:

Yes, I have. And actually, it's a general risk. If you have barriers
that are too low, competition or substitution eliminates your business.
If barriers are too high, regulators may come knocking on your door.
Every case is different. The ideal case is that there is competition,
but weak competition. Apparent competition. What I mean is weak
competition and rational competition. For example, in aircraft engines,
Pratt & Whitney competes with GE and Safran. It has a 25% share of new
orders. It's a product, but it's not nearly as good. It's got 35% of its
engines grounded, multiple technical problems. It has lost a lot of
trust. But it's there competing. And as it struggles, it has to raise
prices. Sometimes, where there is competition, that competition chooses
not to compete on price, but decides to be rational.

是的，我有。实际上，这是一个普遍存在的风险。如果你的壁垒太低，竞争或替代品就会摧毁你的业务。如果壁垒太高，监管机构就可能找上门来。每个案例都不同。理想的情况是存在竞争，但竞争很弱。也就是“表面上的竞争”。我指的是弱竞争和理性竞争。例如，在飞机发动机领域，普惠公司（Pratt
&
Whitney）与通用电气（GE）和赛峰集团（Safran）竞争。它占据了25%的新订单份额。它有产品，但远不如对手。其35%的发动机因多种技术问题而停飞，已经失去了大量信任。但它仍在那里竞争。并且随着它陷入困境，它不得不提高价格。有时候，即使存在竞争，竞争对手也会选择不在价格上竞争，而是表现得理性。

## 投资组合：精选与规避 (Investment Portfolio: Selection and Avoidance)

### Nikolai Tangan:

What are the type of companies you would never invest in? Type of
industries.

有哪些类型的公司是您永远不会投资的？或者说哪些行业？

### Chris Hohn:

That's a good question. We have a long list of companies we don't invest
in. We're very focused and we call them the "risky and bad industries."
And I have invested in some of these in the past, but I've learned.
Banks. Sorry for that. We don't like banks. And why not? The low quality
of earnings, because they're very leveraged. Much more than people
think. And two, they're opaque. You can't look into them. I remember
pre-financial crisis I had a look at Credit Suisse and I sat down with
the then CEO, Brady Dougan, and put his balance sheet in front of him
from the annual accounts and said, "You have a multi-trillion dollar
balance sheet. Can we walk through the line items? Because I don't
understand it." He said, "I don't either." He was a very honest guy.

这是个好问题。我们有一份很长的、不投资的公司名单。我们非常专注，并称这些行业为“高风险和劣质行业”。我过去曾投资过其中一些，但已经吸取了教训。银行。抱歉这么说。我们不喜欢银行。为什么不呢？因为它们的盈利质量很低，杠杆率非常高，比人们想象的要高得多。其次，它们不透明，你无法看透。我记得在金融危机前，我研究过瑞士信贷，当时我与CEO布雷迪·杜根（Brady
Dougan）坐下来，把年报上的资产负债表放在他面前说：“你们有数万亿美元的资产负债表，我们能逐项过一下吗？因为我看不懂。”他说：“我也看不懂。”他是个非常诚实的人。

What else? Many. The auto industry is obviously a commodity, retail,
insurance, commodities, commodity manufacturing, tobacco. The truth is,
most things in manufacturing. Most industries are bad industries.

还有什么？很多。汽车行业显然是大宗商品化的，还有零售、保险、大宗商品、大宗商品制造业、烟草。事实上，制造业中的大多数东西都属于此列。大多数行业都是劣质行业。

### Nikolai Tangan:

Chris, it doesn't leave a big universe.

克里斯，这样一来，可选的范围就不大了。

### Chris Hohn:

Correct. We say maybe there's 200 companies that we consider to be high
quality and investable. I'll list you a couple more: traditional asset
managers, bad businesses. Fossil fuel utilities, bad businesses.
Airlines, bad businesses. Wireless telecom, bad businesses. We think
media is bad, advertising agencies. It's a very long list. Why? Because
it's competitive with existing players and new technologies. And the one
important thing that I've learned in my time in investing is investors
underestimate the forces of competition and disruption because they just
look at today.

没错。我们认为，大约只有200家公司可以被视为高质量且值得投资的。我再给你列举几个：传统资产管理公司，是劣质业务；化石燃料公用事业公司，是劣质业务；航空公司，是劣质业务；无线电信，是劣质业务。我们认为媒体和广告代理公司也不行。这个名单很长。为什么？因为这些行业面临着来自现有参与者和新技术的激烈竞争。我在投资生涯中学到的一个重要教训是：投资者往往低估了竞争和颠覆的力量，因为他们只看眼前。

## 估值、长期主义与市场选择 (Valuation, Long-Termism, and Market Choices)

### Nikolai Tangan:

How do you value these companies? What is your valuation tool?

您如何为这些公司估值？您的估值工具是什么？

### Chris Hohn:

We don't even look at that until we get comfortable that the barriers
are so strong it will be around for a long time. So barriers, fine, we
think it will be around. We'll do reference checks on relevant people
and see if we're missing something. We will assess management, which I
think is important but not critical if you have the right assets. Then
we look at the valuation. We use all of those: P/E, cash flows, DCFs,
all of those, but not 50-page spreadsheets. Really honestly, one of the
things we learned is there's a really important point: we can have an
advantage through long-termism. The average stock is held by an
institutional investor for under a year.

我们甚至不会考虑估值，直到我们确信其壁垒足够坚固，能够长期存在。所以，首先是壁垒，好的，我们认为它能存续。然后我们会对相关人员进行背景调查，看看是否遗漏了什么。我们也会评估管理层，我认为这很重要，但如果你拥有正确的资产，它就不是最关键的。之后我们才看估值。我们使用所有工具：市盈率、现金流、现金流折现（DCF），所有这些，但不会做50页的电子表格。说实话，我们学到的最重要的一点是：我们可以通过长期主义获得优势。机构投资者持有股票的平均时间不到一年。

### Nikolai Tangan:

How long do you hold it?

你们持有多久？

### Chris Hohn:

The average holding period of our current portfolio is eight years. Not
saying that's the limit, it's just the average. Some we've held for 13
years. So it could be 10, it could be 20. We take a private equity
approach, i.e., that we have to hold the company forever because the
stock market may be at very bad prices when you want to sell. The most
important thing in a DCF is the longer you can look out, if you've got a
great company, the more value there is. Take a company we own, Moody's,
a rating agency. It's been around 100 years. Its average revenue growth
over that 100 years has been 10%. A very unusual number over a very long
time period. Investors have always underestimated its value, including
myself. I bought the stock during the financial crisis at 10 times
earnings and then I sold it. I doubled my money. I went from 10 times
earnings to 20 and I sold it at \$100. I thought I was clever, and then
the earnings kept compounding. So I bought it back at \$150. Now it's
recently \$400. It's because actually the intrinsic value compounding
matters more than the stock price. If you have a great company, it will
grow intrinsic value. And the multiple matters less than the growth when
you look at it over a longer period.

我们当前投资组合的平均持有期是八年。我不是说这是上限，只是平均数。有些我们已经持有了13年。所以可能是10年，也可能是20年。我们采取的是一种私募股权的投资方法，也就是说，我们必须做好永远持有这家公司的准备，因为当你想要卖出时，股市的价格可能非常糟糕。在DCF模型中，最重要的是，如果你拥有一家伟大的公司，你看得越远，其价值就越大。以我们拥有的一家公司穆迪（Moody's）为例，它是一家评级机构，已经有100年历史了。在这100年里，它的平均收入增长率是10%。这是一个在很长时期内都非常不寻常的数字。投资者，包括我自己在内，一直低估了它的价值。我在金融危机期间以10倍市盈率买入，然后卖掉了。我赚了一倍，市盈率从10倍涨到20倍，我在100美元时卖出。我当时自以为很聪明，但之后它的盈利持续复利增长。于是我在150美元时又买了回来，最近它的价格是400美元。这是因为，实际上内在价值的复利增长比股价更重要。如果你有一家伟大的公司，它的内在价值就会增长。从长远来看，估值倍数的重要性要低于增长。

### Nikolai Tangan:

I've heard you say that there are more good companies in the public
market than in the private market. Why do you say that?

我听您说过，公开市场上的好公司比私募市场多。您为什么这么说？

### Chris Hohn:

Because the companies that are sold to private equity are the ones that
aren't as good. I happen to think that large companies are more likely
to beat small companies in an industry. They have more money to compete
in R&D, and scale. We talked earlier about scale and incumbency being
key. A small company that invents something new, like we talked about
Zoom, can be crushed by a large company reasonably easily. They can
copy. And large companies are usually too big for private equity.
Private equity can't buy Visa; it's too big for them. So size excludes
private equity from large companies. And if a public company is selling
something to private equity, usually they're not selling their best
businesses. I believe the very best businesses in the public markets are
better than the top 100 companies in private equity.

因为被卖给私募股权的公司，通常都不是最好的那些。我恰好认为，在一个行业中，大公司更有可能战胜小公司。它们有更多的资金用于研发竞争，还有规模优势。我们之前谈到规模和现有地位是关键。一个发明了新东西的小公司，就像我们谈到的Zoom，很容易被大公司击垮。它们可以模仿。而大公司通常对于私募股权来说太大了。私募股权买不起Visa，对它们来说太大了。所以规模将私募股权排除在了大公司之外。而且，如果一家上市公司向私募股权出售业务，通常它们不会卖掉自己最好的业务。我相信，公开市场上最好的企业比私募股权中排名前100的公司更好。

### Nikolai Tangan:

When do you sell a company?

您在什么时候会卖出一家公司？

### Chris Hohn:

When our view of its intrinsic value is not as good as other things,
including not just value but conviction. There are two components to our
philosophy: intrinsic value and conviction. You need to have conviction
when you invest in something at all times. You could call it confidence.
What does that word mean? You can be wrong. The point is you can be
wrong, and in certain industries, your risk of being wrong is higher.
Technology is one of those areas. But if I own an airport or a toll
road, I'm less likely to be wrong than if I own a retailer. My chances
of being wrong are less because I have physical asset backing and lower
substitution risk. So the thesis is much more obvious. This concept of
conviction is very important. What kills you as an investor is permanent
loss of capital.

当我们对它内在价值的看法不如其他投资标的时，这不仅包括价值，也包括“信念”（conviction）。我们的投资哲学有两个组成部分：内在价值和信念。你在任何时候投资都必须有信念。你也可以称之为信心。这个词意味着什么？你可能会错。关键在于，你可能会错，而且在某些行业，你犯错的风险更高。科技就是其中一个领域。但如果我拥有一座机场或一条收费公路，我犯错的可能性就比拥有一家零售商要小。我犯错的几率更低，因为我有实物资产作支撑，替代风险也更小。所以投资逻辑就更清晰。信念这个概念非常重要。作为投资者，真正致命的是资本的永久性损失。

## 激进主义的演变与做空案例 (The Evolution of Activism and a Short-Selling Case)

### Nikolai Tangan:

You are, or you were, considered an activist investor. What is an
activist investor doing?

您现在或曾经被认为是一位激进投资者。激进投资者是做什么的？

### Chris Hohn:

It's a spectrum, from full-blown hardcore—removing boards and CEOs and
demanding the sale of a company—to what you might call soft activism,
trying to have a relationship and dialogue with the company at a
professional level. Today, our relationships are generally very
constructive with companies. But it wasn't always that way. I've learned
that actually, hardcore activism is not a great thing. It's very
difficult to succeed because the vast proponents of today's investor
base are passive, and to get them to vote for something is very
difficult. So active management is dying. When I started, there was very
little indexation, so there was a more engaged active shareholder base.
Now, indexation has limited the power of shareholders.

这是一个光谱，从最激进的——罢免董事会和CEO，要求出售公司——到可以称之为“软性激进主义”的——试图在专业层面上与公司建立关系和对话。如今，我们与公司的关系通常都非常具有建设性。但过去并非总是如此。我学到，实际上，硬核的激进主义并不是一件好事。它很难成功，因为当今投资者基础的主体是被动投资者，要让他们投票支持某件事非常困难。所以主动管理正在消亡。我刚开始时，指数化投资还很少，所以有一个更具参与性的主动股东基础。现在，指数化限制了股东的权力。

I was buying bad businesses long ago, like ABN AMRO, putting it up for
sale through a motion at the AGM, and we made a lot of money. We made a
billion dollars forcing the sale of it. But in truth, the company was
worthless but was bought for a hundred billion by three companies who
all went bankrupt: Royal Bank of Scotland, Fortis, and Santander. They
didn't know what they were doing, we didn't know what we were doing. It
was a madness. A lot of activists end up being activists in bad
businesses. The business always wins. It's pointless being an activist
in a bad business. That said, we still engage in hardcore activism on
occasion, but that's an exception. We act as owners. We're interested,
we're engaged, we think we have a right to appoint directors, and we'll
use it.

我很久以前曾买入一些劣质企业，比如荷兰银行（ABN
AMRO），通过在年度股东大会上提出动议来促使其被出售，我们赚了很多钱。我们通过迫使其出售赚了十亿美元。但事实上，那家公司一文不值，却被三家后来都破产的公司——苏格兰皇家银行、富通银行和桑坦德银行——以千亿价格收购。他们不知道自己在做什么，我们也不知道。那是一场疯狂。很多激进投资者最终都在劣质企业中扮演激进角色。但业务本身总是胜出。在一家劣质企业里当激进投资者是毫无意义的。话虽如此，我们偶尔仍会采取硬核的激进主义，但那是例外。我们以所有者的身份行事。我们感兴趣，我们参与，我们认为我们有权任命董事，并且我们会行使这一权利。

### Nikolai Tangan:

Which brings us to Wirecard. It's a bad company which you shorted. How
was that?

这就把我们带到了Wirecard。这是一家您做空过的劣质公司。那次经历如何？

### Chris Hohn:

We learned that shorting isn't a great business because you can be right
but not be able to hold it or fund the losses. If you are short and the
share price goes up, you have basically unlimited downside. You have to
fund the losses. This is what people don't realize. The first guy to
short Wirecard 20 years ago was a guy from Bronte Capital. The stock
went up 20-30 times and then went to zero. When that happened, he was
interviewed, and they said, "Congratulations, you were right." But he
said, "No, I had to cover it 19 years ago. I couldn't afford to fund
those losses." I had a dinner once with Warren Buffett and he said he
and Charlie looked at shorting. They studied it and they just said it
was too hard because of that point of understanding investor psychology
and the asymmetric risk and reward.

我们学到，做空并不是一个好生意，因为你可能判断正确，但却无法坚持下去或承担亏损。如果你做空，而股价上涨，你面临的基本上是无限的下行风险。你必须为亏损提供资金。这是人们没有意识到的。20年前第一个做空Wirecard的人是来自Bronte
Capital的。那只股票上涨了20-30倍，然后才归零。当它归零时，他接受采访，人们说：“恭喜你，你对了。”但他回答说：“不，我19年前就平仓了。我承担不起那些亏损。”我曾与沃伦·巴菲特共进晚餐，他说他和查理研究过做空。他们研究后认为这太难了，原因就在于需要理解投资者心理以及那种不对称的风险回报。

But we looked at Wirecard and all the accounting games, and then the
Financial Times came out with all these articles. I called the
journalist, a good guy, and I said, "You're writing all this stuff," and
he said, "It's all true. We stand by every word." You could literally
read it in the paper. But the whole German establishment went in and
supported the company. There was a bit of pattern recognition. At
Harvard Business School, in an accounting course I took, there were red
flags: a small auditor, no cash flow, things like their Asian business
offices being empty. I think people trust authority too much. They
trusted the German establishment. So we filed a formal criminal
complaint for fraud in Munich. That created chaos, but it forced some
actions. I didn't want to be like Bronte Capital where it just ran and
ran. To be a good investor you need a certain independence of thought.

但我们研究了Wirecard和它所有的会计把戏，然后《金融时报》发表了所有那些文章。我给那位记者打了电话，他是个好人，我说：“你写了所有这些东西，”他说：“全都是真的。我们为每一个字负责。”你真的可以在报纸上读到这一切。但整个德国建制派都出来支持这家公司。这里面有一些模式识别的因素。我在哈佛商学院上的一门会计课上学到过一些危险信号：小审计师、没有现金流，以及像他们亚洲业务办公室空无一人之类的事情。我认为人们太相信权威了，他们相信了德国的建制派。所以我们在慕尼黑就欺诈提起了正式的刑事诉讼。这造成了混乱，但也迫使了一些行动的发生。我不想像Bronte
Capital那样，眼看着股价一直涨。要成为一个好的投资者，你需要有某种思想上的独立性。

## 企业文化、慈善与人生意义 (Corporate Culture, Philanthropy, and the Meaning of Life)

### Nikolai Tangan:

What is the corporate culture like in TCI? How many people are you?

TCI的企业文化是怎样的？你们有多少人？

### Chris Hohn:

In the investment team, it's seven or eight people. We want it small,
very small. It's collegiate. We've known each other a long time and
there's something that we've built which is an intangible: trust. We
could destroy the culture if we hire the wrong person. The personality
does matter a lot. You have to want to work in a team and be open-minded
to being wrong.

投资团队有七八个人。我们希望团队规模小，非常小。我们是学院式的合作关系。我们彼此认识很久了，我们建立了一种无形的东西：信任。如果我们雇错了人，就可能毁掉这种文化。个性非常重要。你必须愿意在团队中工作，并且对承认错误持开放态度。

### Nikolai Tangan:

A big share of the profit of the firm goes to the charitable foundation.
Do you think it's important for your colleagues?

公司利润的很大一部分都流向了慈善基金会。您认为这对您的同事们重要吗？

### Chris Hohn:

They also earn good money, and it's probably a positive thing. I give
away everything I earn. I don't really care about money other than its
value in helping people. When did I learn about philanthropy? When I was
in New York working for a hedge fund, at one point after about three or
four years, I had done well and they said, "You're going to get a \$10
million bonus." And I just, with this intuition, said, "I don't want it.
I want to just give it to charity." I didn't really understand what was
driving me for 15 years. Eventually, I did understand it, better late
than never, as a soul urge. There's an essence of who we really are,
what we really are, isn't the personality or the physical body, but the
soul or consciousness. And that, in its fundamental nature, is service,
a desire to help humanity.

他们也赚很多钱，这可能是一件积极的事情。我把我赚的所有钱都捐出去了。除了在帮助他人方面的价值外，我并不真正关心钱。我是何时开始了解慈善的？当我在纽约为一家对冲基金工作时，大约三四年后，我做得不错，他们说：“你将得到一千万美元的奖金。”我当时凭着直觉说：“我不想要。我想把它捐给慈善机构。”在之后的15年里，我都不太明白是什么在驱动我。最终，我明白了，迟到总比不到好，那是一种“灵魂的冲动”。我们真正的本质，不是个性或肉体，而是灵魂或意识。而它的根本天性是服务，是帮助人类的渴望。

### Nikolai Tangan:

If it's innate in everyone, why don't more people do it?

如果这是每个人与生俱来的，为什么没有更多人这样做呢？

### Chris Hohn:

Because they identify with their personality, whose basic urge is
desire, possessions, glamour like power and money. Sooner or later,
people realize that that doesn't really give them purpose and meaning.
For me, I could never find any purpose or meaning in my life except
service.

因为他们认同的是自己的“个性”，而个性的基本冲动是欲望、占有、以及对权力金钱之类的迷恋。人们迟早会意识到，这些并不能真正给予他们人生的目标和意义。对我来说，除了服务，我无法在生活中找到任何其他的目标或意义。

### Nikolai Tangan:

Tell me about the foundation. What are the main priorities?

请谈谈您的基金会。主要优先事项是什么？

### Chris Hohn:

We have about \$6.5 billion in the foundation, and we're giving away
over \$500 million a year. Two main areas: climate change and children's
health in Africa and India. On the health side, we focus on foundational
issues like contraception. Another area is severe acute malnutrition.
For \$40 a case of therapeutic food, you can save a child's life. With
so little money, \$10, \$40, \$50, you can save a life or stop someone
from going blind. On the climate side, we've been trying to create
infrastructure for the climate movement, through regulation advocacy,
technical assistance to governments, litigation, and many other things.

我们的基金会大约有65亿美元，每年捐赠超过5亿美元。主要有两个领域：气候变化，以及非洲和印度的儿童健康。在健康方面，我们关注像避孕这样的基础性问题。另一个领域是严重急性营养不良。用40美元买一箱治疗性食品，就可以拯救一个孩子的生命。用这么少的钱——10美元、40美元、50美元——你就能拯救一条生命或防止某人失明。在气候方面，我们一直试图为气候运动创建基础设施，通过监管倡导、向政府提供技术援助、诉讼以及许多其他方式。

### Nikolai Tangan:

Given all this, how do you read the backlash against ESG in financial
markets?

鉴于这一切，您如何看待金融市场中对ESG（环境、社会和治理）的抵制？

### Chris Hohn:

I think it's a very dark thing that's going on, where some people are in
effect saying, "Burn down the planet as long as we can make money
today." We don't care about future generations. We don't care about poor
people in poor countries dying off. We only care about our country and
making as much money as we can today, to hell with the consequences.
It's really back to this distinction between soul and personality. It's
a consciousness problem.

我认为这是一件非常黑暗的事情。有些人实际上在说：“只要我们今天能赚钱，烧掉这个星球也无所谓。”他们不关心子孙后代，不关心贫穷国家的人民死去。他们只关心自己的国家和今天能赚多少钱，后果去他妈的。这又回到了灵魂与个性之间的区别。这是一个意识层面的问题。

## 给年轻人的建议 (Advice for Young People)

### Nikolai Tangan:

What is your advice to young people on a kind of spiritual path?

对于走在某种精神道路上的年轻人，您有什么建议？

### Chris Hohn:

Go on a spiritual path. Study it. I would say the spiritual world is
real. Soul is real. When I first mentioned this to my son, I think he
was 20, he said, "Dad, the soul is a myth." He doesn't think that now.
It's definitely not. There are many paths to connect to it, and you can
connect consciously to it. Whether you go the long way, the short way,
the easy way, or the hard way through suffering, you eventually come to
learn that the spiritual world is not just real, but it's the whole
thing. And that's the only source of real purpose, meaning, and joy
which the world needs. If you crack that, then everything else is easy.

走上精神之路。去研究它。我想说，精神世界是真实存在的。灵魂是真实的。当我第一次和我儿子提到这个时，他大概20岁，他说：“爸爸，灵魂是个神话。”他现在不这么认为了。它绝对不是神话。有很多途径可以与之连接，你可以有意识地去连接。无论你走的是长路还是短路，是轻松的路还是通过苦难的艰难之路，你最终都会认识到，精神世界不仅是真实的，而且是全部。那是世界上所需的真正目标、意义和喜悦的唯一源泉。如果你破解了这一点，那么其他一切都会变得容易。

### Nikolai Tangan:

Chris Hohn, we've talked a lot about purpose, meaning, joy, and what
really matters in life. A big thank you.

克里斯·霍恩，我们谈论了很多关于目标、意义、喜悦以及生命中真正重要的事情。非常感谢您。

### Chris Hohn:

Thank you, Nikolai.

谢谢你，尼古拉。



一键复制为Markdown
