---
title: "即将来临的人口危机：它将如何改变世界？"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "Money & Macro 频道"
  guest: "" 
  source: "#section-1"
---

<div class="container">

<div>

# 即将来临的人口危机：它将如何改变世界？

<div class="speakers">

**主讲人：**Money & Macro 频道



<div class="stats">

**英文总字数：**约 1,300 字 **预计阅读时间：**约 7 分钟
**中文总字数：**约 1,800 字 **预计阅读时间：**约 6 分钟





### 内容目录

- [1. 导言：一场全球性的人口地震](#section-1)
- [2. 经济转型：日本化与债务危机](#section-2)
- [3. 人口红利与抚养比：全球经济力量的转移](#section-3)
- [4. 移民大迁徙：非洲的崛起与全球劳动力重塑](#section-4)
- [5. 总结与五大预测](#section-5)

<div id="content">

<div id="section-1" class="section">

## 1. 导言：一场全球性的人口地震

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

A global population crisis is coming, and Japan is first. Its
working-age population has been falling since 2003, and according to the
latest UN predictions, it will continue to fall until Japan has just 45%
of its peak population left by the end of the century. Meanwhile,
Europe's working-age population has been falling since 2019, while that
of China will start falling off a cliff after 2027 until there's only
30% of Chinese workers left in just 75 years. However, despite these
massive population centers losing so many people, the UN predicts that
the world's population of workers will actually grow till 2072 because
of a massive population boom in India, the Middle East, and especially
Africa, whose workforce will dwarf all others by the end of the century.

So what does this population earthquake mean for the world? To answer
that question, here on Money & Macro, we are again going to be diving
deep into the scientific literature, which includes predictions from
advanced models about the global economy, balance of power, and
migration flows, as well as a case study from the only country in the
world that has already entered its population crisis phase: Japan. And
actually, because demographic trends like fertility and aging don't
change too quickly and can be calculated way before they happen, I'm
confident enough to make five concrete predictions about how the coming
population crisis will change the world.

Essentially, I found three core ways that the world will be changed by
this dramatic population shift: Number one, an economic transformation.
Number two, big migration shifts. And number three, a dramatic shift in
the global balance of power.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

一场全球性的人口危机正在来临，而日本首当其冲。其劳动年龄人口自2003年以来持续下降，根据联合国最新的预测，这一趋势将持续下去，到本世纪末，日本的人口将仅为其峰值时期的45%。与此同时，欧洲的劳动年龄人口自2019年起开始减少，而中国则将在2027年后遭遇断崖式下跌，在短短75年内，其劳动力规模将仅剩30%。然而，尽管这些主要人口中心失去了如此多的人口，联合国预测，由于印度、中东，尤其是非洲的巨大人口增长，全球劳动力人口实际上将在2072年前持续增长。到本世纪末，非洲的劳动力规模将远超其他地区。

那么，这场“人口地震”对世界意味着什么？为了回答这个问题，在本期的“金钱与宏观”中，我们将再次深入探讨科学文献，包括基于先进模型对全球经济、力量平衡和移民流动的预测，以及对世界上唯一一个已经进入人口危机阶段的国家——日本的案例研究。实际上，由于生育率和老龄化等人口趋势变化缓慢且可提前预测，我有足够的信心就即将到来的人口危机将如何改变世界，提出五个具体的预测。

基本上，我发现了这次剧烈的人口转变将以三种核心方式改变世界：第一，经济转型；第二，大规模的移民迁徙；第三，全球力量平衡的剧烈变化。





<div id="section-2" class="section">

## 2. 经济转型：日本化与债务危机

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

When it comes to the economy, economists pretty unanimously agree that
rapid aging will be bad for the economy. To see why, let's have a look
at one popular way to calculate total economic output or GDP. Using this
formula, the total output in the economy is a function of the total
hours worked multiplied by the average productivity of those hours. This
means that to grow an economy, a country has two options: either it
needs to become more productive, or it needs to work more hours.

While this may seem obvious, Japan's experience shows us that taking
this into account is extremely important. After all, Japan's politicians
have for decades been trying to get their economy going again by
lowering interest rates. However, if we look at Japan's economy through
this lens of demographics, we will see that actually they did pretty
well given their declining working-age population. Yes, on the surface,
Japan's economy did really poorly between 1991 and today. Their GDP grew
at just 0.83% per year in this period, while the US economy grew at
2.58%. However, if you take into account hours worked, we can see that
in this period, U.S. workers worked just over 1% more hours every year,
while Japanese workers worked about 0.43% less. The reason for this was
mostly worker population growth in the US and decline in Japan. On the
other hand, Japan’s productivity per hour grew at about 1.26% per year
compared to the US at 1.53%.

Therefore, Japan's low economic growth was not a sign that they
mismanaged their economy. It was simply a consequence of so many workers
leaving the workforce. This brings us to my first prediction about how
the population crisis will change the world: It will lead to further
\*\*Japanification\*\* (A term describing a country experiencing a
prolonged period of economic stagnation and deflation, similar to
Japan's experience since the 1990s) of all major economies in East Asia
and Europe. This includes Germany, South Korea, and China. The good news
is that Japanification has really not been so bad, given that Japanese
people themselves are still living relatively good lives. But
Japanification has meant reduced economic significance on the world
stage and rapidly rising government debt.

However, even in a rich country like Japan, government debt cannot rise
forever, at least not without consequences. To make matters worse, many
poorer countries are now also facing Japanification, so they will surely
hit a debt ceiling much more quickly than Japan did. Therefore, my
second prediction is that as the global population crisis intensifies,
we will see more and more countries hit a government debt limit that
will either result in a debt crisis or dramatic cuts to the welfare
state.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

在经济方面，经济学家们几乎一致认为，快速老龄化对经济不利。要理解其中的原因，我们可以看一个计算总经济产出或GDP（<span class="term-def">国内生产总值：衡量国家经济活动总量的核心指标</span>）的常用公式：经济总产出
= 总工作时长 ×
每小时平均生产力。这意味着，要实现经济增长，一个国家有两个选择：要么提高生产力，要么增加工作时长。

这看似显而易见，但日本的经验告诉我们，充分考虑这一点至关重要。几十年来，日本的政治家们一直试图通过降低利率来重振经济。然而，如果我们从人口学的角度审视日本经济，就会发现，考虑到其劳动年龄人口的下降，他们的表现其实相当不错。是的，从表面上看，从1991年至今，日本经济表现非常糟糕。在此期间，其GDP年均增长率仅为0.83%，而美国经济则增长了2.58%。但是，如果考虑到工作时长，我们会发现，同期美国工人的年均工作时长增加了超过1%，而日本工人则减少了约0.43%。这主要是由于美国劳动力人口的增长和日本的下降。另一方面，日本的每小时生产力年均增长约1.26%，而美国为1.53%。

因此，日本的低经济增长并非其经济管理不善的标志，而仅仅是大量劳动力退出的结果。这就引出了我对人口危机将如何改变世界的第一个预测：它将导致东亚和欧洲所有主要经济体，包括德国、韩国和中国，进一步\*\*“日本化”\*\*（Japanification：指国家经历类似日本自1990年代以来的长期经济停滞和通货紧缩）。好消息是，“日本化”其实并没那么糟糕，因为日本人自己的生活水平依然相对较高。但“日本化”也意味着在全球舞台上的经济重要性下降，以及政府债务的迅速攀升。

然而，即使在日本这样的富裕国家，政府债务也不可能永远增长而不产生后果。更糟糕的是，现在许多较贫穷的国家也面临“日本化”的风险，因此他们必定会比日本更快地触及债务上限。因此，我的第二个预测是，随着全球人口危机的加剧，我们将看到越来越多的国家触及政府债务极限，这将导致债务危机或福利国家的大幅削减。





<div id="section-3" class="section">

## 3. 人口红利与抚养比：全球经济力量的转移

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

So countries where the \*\*fertility rate\*\* (The average number of
children a woman would have in her lifetime) is below the replacement
rate of 2.1 babies per woman, which are all orange countries on this
map, will all eventually face the Japan scenario. After all, dropping
fertility rarely bounces back significantly. But does that mean that
green countries on this map with high fertility will start
over-performing economically?

No, sadly, it's not that simple. It's important to remember that
actually only people of working age tend to work. So yes, a big group of
elderly people is a huge burden on the economy. But a big group of
children is an economic burden as well. Only societies that have many
workers compared to children and the elderly have an economic advantage,
a so-called \*\*demographic dividend\*\* (The economic growth potential
that can result from shifts in a population's age structure, mainly when
the share of the working-age population is larger than the
non-working-age share of the population). These countries have a low
dependency ratio, meaning that the number of young and old people are
just a small percentage of the number of workers. Not surprisingly,
economists have found that countries with low dependency ratios tend to
have higher economic growth.

Therefore, looking at the dependency ratio can give us some really
surprising insights into what economies will do well and when. For
example, we can see here that China's development miracle almost
entirely coincided with a massive fall in its dependency ratio, which
happened so quickly, by the way, thanks to its one-child policy. Another
striking insight the dependency ratio reveals is that Japan is the only
country that has already been really feeling the economic burden of its
aging population. A rapidly aging China has not yet felt a drag on its
economy, as its workers have been able to work more, as they had fewer
and fewer children to support. Also note that despite the horror stories
about Chinese demographics, their dependency ratio is still well below
that of the United States today, which is known for having pretty
healthy demographics. Meanwhile, Africa may be young, but so far its
economies are not benefiting from that at all. For example, Kenya, which
has a fertility rate of 3.3 babies per woman, currently has roughly the
same dependency ratio as Japan.

On the other hand, as you can see here, India's demographic dividend has
really just begun as its dependency ratio has only recently dropped
below that of the US and is still above that of China. On the basis of
these principles and UN population predictions, economists Brackman,
Kohl, and van Marrewijk have calculated that while Europe's economy is
already feeling the negative effects of aging today, China will only
start feeling it in the late 2030s. Meanwhile, India's demographic
dividend will last from the early 2010s until 2070. Finally, Africa will
only start benefiting from its high but dropping fertility ratio around
the year 2050, when its massive population of children will reach the
working age. Thanks to these developments, Brackman, Kohl, and van
Marrewijk calculate that the economic center of the world will shift
from Europe to India until the 2050s as Europe's economy slows, while
that of India rises. However, from then on, China's rapid decline and
Africa's rise will cause the economic center of the world to shift
towards Africa.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

所以，那些\*\*生育率\*\*（Fertility
Rate：指平均每位女性一生中所生育的子女人数）低于2.1的更替水平（<span class="term-def">Replacement
Rate：维持人口规模长期稳定所需的生育率水平</span>）的国家——也就是这张地图上所有的橙色国家——最终都将面临日本那样的情景。毕竟，下降的生育率很少会大幅反弹。但这是否意味着地图上那些生育率高的绿色国家将在经济上表现优异呢？

不，遗憾的是，事情没那么简单。重要的是要记住，实际上只有劳动年龄的人口才会工作。所以，是的，庞大的老年人群体是经济的巨大负担，但庞大的儿童群体同样也是经济负担。只有那些劳动者相对于儿童和老人数量众多的社会，才拥有经济优势，即所谓的\*\*“人口红利”\*\*（Demographic
Dividend：指因人口年龄结构转变，劳动年龄人口比例上升，从而带来的经济增长潜力）。这些国家的抚养比较低，意味着年轻人和老年人的数量只占劳动者数量的一小部分。不出所料，经济学家发现，抚养比较低的国家往往有更高的经济增长。

因此，通过观察抚养比，我们可以对哪些经济体将在何时表现良好，获得一些非常惊人的洞察。例如，我们可以看到，中国的发展奇迹几乎完全与其抚养比的大幅下降相吻合——顺便说一句，这之所以发生得如此之快，要归功于其独生子女政策。抚养比揭示的另一个惊人洞察是，日本是唯一一个已经真正感受到人口老龄化经济负担的国家。快速老龄化的中国尚未感受到经济的拖累，因为随着需要抚养的孩子越来越少，其劳动者能够工作更长时间。还要注意的是，尽管关于中国人口的报道听起来很可怕，但其抚养比至今仍远低于以人口结构健康著称的美国。与此同时，非洲可能很年轻，但到目前为止，其经济体根本没有从中受益。例如，肯尼亚的生育率为每位妇女生育3.3个孩子，但其目前的抚养比与日本大致相同。

另一方面，正如你在这里看到的，印度的人口红利才刚刚开始，其抚养比最近才降至美国以下，并且仍高于中国。基于这些原则和联合国的人口预测，经济学家Brackman、Kohl和van
Marrewijk计算出，虽然欧洲经济今天已经感受到老龄化的负面影响，但中国要到2030年代末才会开始感受到。与此同时，印度的人口红利将从2010年代初持续到2070年。最后，非洲要到2050年左右，当其庞大的儿童人口达到工作年龄时，才会开始从其高而下降的生育率中受益。由于这些发展，Brackman、Kohl和van
Marrewijk计算出，随着欧洲经济放缓而印度经济崛起，世界经济中心将在2050年前从欧洲转移到印度。然而，从那以后，中国的迅速衰落和非洲的崛起将导致世界经济中心转向非洲。





<div id="section-4" class="section">

## 4. 移民大迁徙：非洲的崛起与全球劳动力重塑

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

So based on their calculations, my third prediction about the upcoming
population crisis is that both Japan's and Europe's economies will
underperform from now on. Korea and China will start feeling the pain in
a few years, but when that happens, they will feel it more abruptly. And
finally, India will keep over-performing in the next decades, while
Africa will underperform till 2050, after which it will over-perform.
But while Africa won't benefit too much from its demographic dividend
until the 2050s, the continent will still radically reshape the global
economy in another way before that: migration.

You see, right now, many of the top migration corridors in the world are
driven by conflict. For example, in 2024, some of the largest migration
movements happened from Ukraine and Syria. However, most migration
happened for economic reasons, from developing nations to big, rich
countries. For example, some of the top migration corridors in 2024 were
Mexico to the US, India to the Gulf states, Poland and Turkey to
Germany, and China and the Philippines to the US.

From an economic perspective, these migration patterns are actually
pretty weird. After all, you may expect that migration happens from the
poorest countries as people want to leave to get better opportunities
and quality of life. However, when looking at the economic development
of countries, economists typically observe a so-called \*\*migration
hump\*\* (The observed trend that emigration rates from a country tend
to rise as it develops, before eventually falling as it becomes
wealthier). This means that as a country gets slightly richer, people
will actually start to leave to build a better life elsewhere. They
always wanted to leave. However, when the country was dirt poor, people
simply could not afford to leave because the journey is so long. Thus,
the migration hump means that as countries get slightly richer, people
start leaving. But then when a country truly gets rich, less and less
people leave. Given that the best economic opportunities are now at
home, Africa is now slowly reaching this point.

This is why, as you can see here in this graph from \*The Economist\*,
migration from Africa to outside Africa has been steadily rising. As it
slowly gets richer and its population explodes, we will see a situation
where aging economies in Europe and Asia will need labor, and there are
many young Africans that will need jobs. Of course, thanks to politics,
we cannot be sure how exactly migration will pan out. Though as we can
see in the US now, there can be huge backlashes to migration. On the
other hand, Japan was always very closed off to migrants, and we are now
increasingly seeing them open up as care workers are simply needed more
and more to take care of the aging Japanese population. Therefore, my
fourth prediction is that migration from Africa to some rich nations
will change the world, even though I cannot predict exactly to which
countries they will move due to politics.



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

所以，基于他们的计算，我对即将到来的人口危机的第三个预测是：从现在开始，日本和欧洲的经济都将表现不佳。韩国和中国将在几年后开始感受到痛苦，但当痛苦来临时，会更加突然。最后，印度将在未来几十年继续表现优异，而非洲则将在2050年前表现不佳，之后则会表现优异。但是，尽管非洲要到2050年代才能从其人口红利中获得太多好处，在此之前，这片大陆仍将以另一种方式彻底重塑全球经济：移民。

你看，目前世界上许多主要的移民走廊都是由冲突驱动的。例如，2024年，一些最大规模的移民流动来自乌克兰和叙利亚。然而，大多数移民是出于经济原因，从发展中国家流向富裕大国。例如，2024年一些最主要的移民走廊是从墨西哥到美国，从印度到海湾国家，从波兰和土耳其到德国，以及从中国和菲律宾到美国。

从经济角度看，这些移民模式实际上相当奇怪。毕竟，你可能会期望移民发生在最贫穷的国家，因为人们想离开以获得更好的机会和生活质量。然而，在研究各国的经济发展时，经济学家通常会观察到所谓的\*\*“移民驼峰”\*\*（Migration
Hump：指一个国家的移民率会随着其发展而上升，在变得更富裕后最终下降的趋势）。这意味着，当一个国家变得稍微富裕一些时，人们实际上会开始离开，到别处建立更好的生活。他们一直想离开，但当国家极度贫困时，人们根本无法承担离开的费用，因为旅途太漫长。因此，“移民驼峰”意味着，当国家变得稍微富裕时，人们开始离开；但当一个国家真正富裕起来时，离开的人就越来越少，因为最好的经济机会现在就在国内。非洲现在正慢慢接近这个点。

这就是为什么，正如你在这张来自《经济学人》的图表中看到的，从非洲向外迁移的人口一直在稳步上升。随着非洲慢慢变得更富裕，其人口爆炸式增长，我们将看到这样一种情况：欧洲和亚洲的老龄化经济体需要劳动力，而有许多年轻的非洲人需要工作。当然，由于政治因素，我们无法确定移民将如何确切地发展。尽管正如我们现在在美国看到的，可能会出现对移民的巨大反弹。另一方面，日本一直对移民非常封闭，但我们现在越来越多地看到他们开始开放，因为照顾老龄化的日本人口越来越需要护工。因此，我的第四个预测是，从非洲到一些富裕国家的移民将改变世界，尽管由于政治原因，我无法准确预测他们将迁移到哪些国家。





<div id="section-5" class="section">

## 5. 总结与五大预测

<div class="lang-en">

<span class="lang-title">Original (English)</span>

So there you have it. These were four of my five confident predictions
about how the current population crisis will change the world. Quick
recap:

1.  We will see Japanification of all major economies in East Asia and
    Europe, including Germany, South Korea, and China, which means
    slower economic growth and higher government debt.
2.  As the population crisis intensifies, we will see more and more
    countries hit a government debt limit that either will result in a
    debt crisis or a cut to pensions.
3.  Big balance of power changes. Both Japan and Europe's economies will
    underperform from now on. Korea and China will start feeling the
    pain in a few years, but when that happens, they will feel it more
    abruptly. And finally, India will keep over-performing in the next
    decades, while Africa will underperform until 2050, after which it
    will over-perform.
4.  Migration patterns will radically change as traditional corridors of
    immigration, like East to Western Europe and Latin America to the
    United States, will dry up during this century as Latin America and
    Eastern Europe get old. Meanwhile, a huge African labor pool will be
    available to fill that gap.

However, this leads me to my fifth prediction, which is that the years
of prediction number three will be wrong. You see, economists like
Professor Fernandez-Villaverde have criticized the UN predictions for
making overly optimistic predictions about how fertility rates will
bounce back or stabilize in many countries, even though what we've seen
so far is that once fertility rates start to drop, they keep dropping.
For example, here is the US fertility rate, and here is the UN
prediction on which they forecast that the US population will be quite
stable. Or here's the UN assumption for Korea's fertility rate, which
shows an optimistic bounce back, even though there's no indication that
this will happen. This seems actually unrealistic now, given that there
are new reports coming out of Japan that fertility is dropping faster
than even they expected. And I also have to note that there are huge
doubts about the fertility and even population data in China, so those
numbers might be off as well.

Luckily, I'm more confident about prediction number four, which is that
migration patterns will radically change as traditional corridors of
immigration will dry up during this century. Meanwhile, aging economies
still need more and more workers to maintain at least their standard of
living. A huge African labor pool will be available to fill that gap.
But whether or not countries want to use it, that will be up to
politics. But that is my take. What do you think? Will the current
backlash against migration last? Or will aging force rich countries to
open up again?



<div class="lang-zh">

<span class="lang-title">中文翻译</span>

以上就是我对当前人口危机将如何改变世界的五个预测中的四个。快速回顾一下：

1.  我们将看到东亚和欧洲所有主要经济体的“日本化”，包括德国、韩国和中国，这意味着经济增长放缓和政府债务增加。
2.  随着人口危机的加剧，我们将看到越来越多的国家触及政府债务上限，这将导致债务危机或削减养老金。
3.  力量平衡将发生巨大变化。从现在起，日本和欧洲的经济都将表现不佳。韩国和中国将在几年后开始感受到痛苦，但届时会更加突然。最后，印度将在未来几十年继续表现优异，而非洲则将在2050年前表现不佳，之后则会表现优异。
4.  移民模式将发生根本性变化。随着拉丁美洲和东欧的老龄化，像东欧到西欧、拉丁美洲到美国这样的传统移民走廊将在本世纪内枯竭。与此同时，庞大的非洲劳动力储备将可用来填补这一缺口。

然而，这引出了我的第五个预测，那就是第三个预测的年份将会是错误的。你看，像费尔南德斯-比利亚韦德（Fernandez-Villaverde）教授这样的经济学家批评联合国的预测，认为其对许多国家生育率将如何反弹或稳定作出了过于乐观的预测，尽管我们迄今为止看到的是，一旦生育率开始下降，它们就会持续下降。例如，这是美国的生育率，这是联合国的预测，他们据此预测美国人口将相当稳定。或者，这是联合国对韩国生育率的假设，显示出乐观的反弹，尽管没有任何迹象表明这会发生。考虑到日本最近有新报告称其生育率下降速度甚至超过了他们的预期，这现在看来实际上是不现实的。我还必须指出，关于中国的生育率甚至人口数据也存在巨大的疑问，所以这些数字可能也有偏差。

幸运的是，我对第四个预测更有信心，即移民模式将发生根本性变化，因为传统的移民走廊将在本世纪内枯竭。与此同时，老龄化经济体仍然需要越来越多的工人来至少维持他们的生活水平。庞大的非洲劳动力储备将可用来填补这一缺-口。但各国是否愿意利用它，将取决于政治。但这是我的看法。你认为呢？目前对移民的反弹会持续下去吗？还是老龄化会迫使富裕国家再次开放？







<div class="copy-container">

一键复制为 Markdown
