---
title: "The AI Reset: Search, Jobs, and Everything Else - A Conversation"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-05-25"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: ""
  guest: "" 
  source: ""
---

<div class="container">

# The AI Reset: Search, Jobs, and Everything Else

<div class="podcast-title-section">

<div class="main-title">

Moonshots



<div class="subtitle">

WTF Just Happened in Tech



<div>

With Anish Acharya, Dave Blundin, Salim Ismail, and Peter Diamandis





<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

This was a big week in AI. I think we've had sort of convergent AI
announcements happening. Every day is a miracle and that's not
overstating the case. Google has spent 20 years making commitments to an
ads ecosystem. Very difficult for them to break those commitments and I
think it's a real threat to their search monopoly. The cooler this is
and the more search moves over to it, the more it cannibalizes the core.
Already my kids are telling me, "Dad, everybody knows that ChatGPT is
better than Google." 2029 to 2031, the end of white-collar work. That's
only a couple years for people to remap their entire career path. We're
going from a world where our brains were wired for fear and scarcity to
a world that's very different. Technology is a substrate to make us more
abundant and happier across every aspect of our lives.

这周是人工智能领域重要的一周。我认为我们经历了一系列趋同的人工智能公告。每天都是一个奇迹，这并非夸大其词。谷歌花了20年时间对其广告生态系统做出承诺。他们很难打破这些承诺，我认为这对他们的搜索垄断构成了真正的威胁。这个新技术越酷，搜索业务越向它转移，就越会蚕食核心业务。我的孩子们已经在告诉我：“爸爸，大家都知道ChatGPT比谷歌好。”
2029年到2031年，白领工作的终结。人们只有几年的时间来重新规划他们的整个职业道路。我们正在从一个大脑习惯于恐惧和稀缺的世界，走向一个截然不同的世界。技术是一个基底，它让我们在生活的方方面面都更加富足和快乐。

<div class="separator">



Now that's a moonshot. Ladies and gentlemen, everybody, welcome to
Moonshots and our weekly episode of WTF Just Happened in Tech. I'm here
with my Moonshot mates Dave Blundin and Salim Ismail.

这真是一个登月计划。女士们先生们，欢迎来到《登月计划》以及我们每周的《科技界
WTF 刚刚发生了什么》栏目。我和我的登月伙伴 Dave Blundin 和 Salim Ismail
在这里。

<div class="separator">



Salim, by the way, happy birthday this past Saturday.

Salim，顺便说一句，祝你上周六生日快乐。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Oh, happy birthday, Salim.

哦，生日快乐，Salim。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

I sat in the garden with a bottle of wine and a glazed look in my eyes.
Good birthday.

我坐在花园里，喝着一瓶酒，眼神迷离。生日过得不错。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

That's a lovely day. And we have a special guest today, Anish Acharya
from Andreessen Horowitz. Anish, good to have you joining us.

真是美好的一天。今天我们有一位特别嘉宾，来自 Andreessen Horowitz 的
Anish Acharya。Anish，很高兴你能加入我们。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Thank you Peter, Salim, Dave. It's great to be here.

谢谢 Peter、Salim、Dave。很高兴来到这里。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah, so Anish, for those who don't know, heads the consumer investment
portfolio at Andreessen Horowitz, one of the most extraordinary VC funds
on the planet. He's a general partner there. And what I love about
Anish's portfolio and his vision is you're running sort of the abundance
meme, the abundance thematic, if you would, throughout a16z, which is
one of course I love.

是的，Anish，对于那些不了解的人，他负责 Andreessen
Horowitz（地球上最杰出的风险投资基金之一）的消费领域投资组合。他是那里的普通合伙人。我喜欢
Anish 的投资组合和他的愿景，是因为你在整个 a16z
都在推行“丰裕”这个理念，这个主题，当然这也是我所钟爱的。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yes, we are.

是的，我们是这样。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah. You can't talk about consumer tech these days without talking
about abundance. And I was telling Peter prior to the show that, you
know, we may or may not have been inspired by his thoughts on abundance,
but either way, abundance of abundance right, exactly right now.

是的。如今谈论消费科技，就不能不谈论丰裕。我在节目开始前告诉
Peter，我们可能受到了他对丰裕思想的启发，也可能没有，但无论如何，现在正是丰裕的丰裕，完全正确。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

So, let's dive in. This has been an incredible week for AI, but before
we get there, Anish, I want to talk about sort of how you and your
leadership, your partners at Andreessen Horowitz think about abundance,
because it is a real thing. My next book coming out is called "Age of
Abundance: How to Survive and Thrive in the Decades Ahead." And we're
going from a world where our brains were wired for fear and scarcity to
a world that's very different. So, here's a slide from your deck, from
some materials we stole from your website. So, would you mind just
giving us a little bit of an insight on how you think about the
abundance agenda?

那么，我们开始吧。这周对于人工智能来说是不可思议的一周，但在我们谈论这个之前，Anish，我想谈谈你和你的领导层，你在
Andreessen Horowitz
的合伙人们是如何看待“丰裕”的，因为它确实存在。我即将出版的下一本书叫做《丰裕时代：如何在未来几十年生存与繁荣》。我们正在从一个大脑习惯于恐惧和稀缺的世界，走向一个截然不同的世界。所以，这是一张来自你们演示文稿的幻灯片，是我们从你们网站上“偷”来的一些材料。那么，你介意给我们简单介绍一下你们是如何看待“丰裕议程”的吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yeah, Peter. So, maybe to zoom all the way out, and I'm going to touch
on topics I know you've touched on as well, so the audience will be
familiar, but in our belief, the two greatest catalysts for human
flourishing are market economies and technology, right? Over and over
again through the arc of human history, we've seen these two things
deliver extraordinary results for human flourishing. And the story of
the last hundred years, sort of industrial age and everything that is
coming after the technology age, has really been a story of technology
and innovation. So our belief is the more significant the technology and
the technology change, the more significant the sort of results will be
for consumers in terms of flourishing and of course abundance. We think
about abundance in a lot of ways. I love the definition that you used,
Peter, which is it's not about luxuries, it's about possibilities.

好的，Peter。或许可以从宏观角度来看，我会涉及到一些我知道你也谈论过的话题，所以听众会比较熟悉。但我们相信，人类繁荣的两个最大催化剂是市场经济和技术，对吧？在人类历史的长河中，我们一次又一次地看到这两者为人类繁荣带来了非凡的成果。过去一百年的故事，即工业时代以及科技时代之后的一切，实际上一直是技术和创新的故事。因此，我们相信，技术和技术变革越重要，为消费者带来的繁荣和丰裕成果就越显著。我们从很多方面思考丰裕。我喜欢你用的定义，Peter，那就是丰裕不是关于奢侈品，而是关于可能性。

<div class="separator">



And that's exactly the sort of thrust with which we've been exploring
it. There are a couple of areas in which the technology and the concept
of abundance applies. But I guess the one thing I'd sort of give the
group for framing is that I think of this as the most human technology
we've ever built. If you look at technology for the last 40 years, it's
really extended our intellects, right? And Steve Jobs famously said it's
a bicycle for the mind. But when he said a bicycle for the mind, he
really meant a bicycle for the intellect. And that's what a spreadsheet
is. I think for me a spreadsheet is, you know, it's so symbolic of all
the technology we built for the last 40 years. It allows us to do this
extraordinary math and computation that we simply couldn't do before.
And of course, it has a ton of implications on human society. You know,
the Fed, of course, and all of these other systems that we built rely on
all these technologies. However, we haven't done that much for our souls
or for our emotions or for our mindset. And with AI, we're able to
explore the side of humanity that is sort of defined by the subjective
emotional experience. We've just never had a technology that could be
brought to bear. So, as we talk through all of this, I would love for
folks to keep in mind that, you know, we're really doing that
left-brain, right-brain pairing that was missing from technology for the
last 40 years. Does that make sense?

这正是我们探索它的主要方向。技术和丰裕的概念适用于几个领域。但我想提供给大家的一个框架是，我认为这是我们有史以来建造的最具人性的技术。回顾过去40年的技术，它确实扩展了我们的智力，对吧？史蒂夫·乔布斯曾著名地说它是“思想的自行车”。但当他说思想的自行车时，他真正的意思是“智力的自行车”。电子表格就是这样的东西。我认为对我来说，电子表格象征着我们过去40年所构建的所有技术。它让我们能够进行以前根本无法完成的非凡数学和计算。当然，它对人类社会产生了巨大的影响。比如美联储，以及我们建立的所有其他系统都依赖于这些技术。然而，我们并没有为我们的灵魂、情感或心态做太多。而有了人工智能，我们能够探索人性的那一面，即由主观情感体验定义的那一面。我们以前从未有过可以利用的技术。所以，在我们讨论这一切的时候，我希望大家记住，我们实际上是在进行过去40年技术中所缺失的左右脑配对。这样说有道理吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah. I had an incredible experience actually driving from Vermont back
to Boston with my mom who's in her mid-80s and I asked her, "You know,
have you ever talked to AI before?" And she said, "I don't even know
what you're talking about." So I put on ChatGPT voice mode. Put it on
the car stereo and she and this, you know, beautiful sweet voice comes
on crystal clear. Understands every word that she says and she starts
asking it about her hometown where she grew up in Ohio and, "Whatever
happened to the cheese factory that her father owned?" And she's like,
"Who am I talking to?" "You're talking to AI." And she's like, "Well, it
must be somebody's recorded voice." I'm like, "No, no, it's completely
synthetic." She's like, "That can't be." But you know, in this abundance
slide, abundance has always meant include everybody and the internet and
its capabilities have largely bypassed people that are over a certain
age, but also the vast majority of the really engaging youth dominated
by young boys playing video games. And that demographic shift, I know
Anish, you know all about this, but love to get your thoughts on how
this opens up just so many new capabilities across users that were not
previously users.

是的。我最近有一次难以置信的经历，当时我载着我80多岁的母亲从佛蒙特州开车回波士顿。我问她：“您以前和人工智能说过话吗？”她说：“我甚至不知道你在说什么。”于是我打开了ChatGPT的语音模式，通过汽车音响播放出来。然后，一个优美甜润、清晰无比的声音响了起来。它能听懂我母亲说的每一个字。她开始问它关于她在俄亥俄州长大的家乡的事情，比如“我父亲拥有的那家奶酪厂后来怎么样了？”她问：“我在和谁说话？”我说：“您在和人工智能说话。”她说：“嗯，那一定是某个人录制的声音。”我说：“不，不，这完全是合成的。”她说：“这不可能。”但是，你知道，在这张关于丰裕的幻灯片中，丰裕一直意味着包容所有人。而互联网及其功能在很大程度上忽略了超过一定年龄的人群，也忽略了绝大多数真正有吸引力的、以玩电子游戏的年轻男孩为主的青少年群体。这种人口结构的变化，我知道
Anish
你对此了如指掌，但我想听听你的看法，这如何为那些以前不是用户的群体开启了如此多的新功能。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yeah, I love that point. And you know, David, it's actually so
interesting because what happens is typically when a new technology is
introduced, it sort of becomes very hard to grasp for the generation
that didn't grow up with it and they sort of fumble around and they
never achieve the full potential of it. But with a lot of AI, I think
seniors are going to have the experience that your mother had and
they're going to benefit from it disproportionately because they're able
to interact with technology now in these unstructured ways, a lot of it
via voice. I'll give you a great example. You know, we've got a
portfolio company that is an AI nurse. Now, an AI nurse can't take your
blood. So it only does a subset of nurse-related tasks that the AI does,
but it's a voice nurse that will phone patients the night before a
surgery and help them to prepare both mentally and also go through the
checklist. And it'll phone them after a surgery, make sure that folks
are taking their medicine. And the sort of the impact to health from
having that AI nurse take all those actions is dramatic. And because
it's over the phone and it's via voice, a lot of senior citizens, you
know, they're not intimidated by it, so they really stand to
disproportionately benefit. When we talk about companionship and
loneliness, I mean, this is also an area that's very exciting. I think
if you look at the last 20 years of technology as applied to
relationships, it's been social media. And we can have a really sort of
rigorous conversation about social media, but when you look at AI and
what the impact is to human relationships, it feels like it gives people
an opportunity to explore aspects of human relationships in a depth that
may not be available to them in their real-world friendships and family
relationships. So, there's something there that's opening Pandora's box
here. I know because Peter in his latest book and all of his recent
research, so much of human health and happiness is these little things
that you eat or that you do and he's documenting it all now, but you're
like, "Oh my god, like the amount of benefit from just basic behavior
change."

是的，我非常赞同这一点。你知道，David，这真的很有趣，因为通常当一项新技术被引入时，对于没有伴随它成长的那一代人来说，会变得非常难以理解，他们会摸索着使用，并且永远无法发挥其全部潜力。但是对于很多AI技术，我认为老年人会像你母亲那样体验到，并且会不成比例地从中受益，因为他们现在能够以这些非结构化的方式与技术互动，很多是通过语音。我给你举个很好的例子。我们投资了一家做AI护士的公司。现在，AI护士不能给你抽血，所以它只能完成AI所能做的一部分与护士相关的任务，但它是一个语音护士，会在手术前一晚给病人打电话，帮助他们做好心理准备，并核对清单。手术后它也会给他们打电话，确保人们按时服药。让AI护士采取所有这些行动对健康的影响是巨大的。而且因为它是通过电话和语音进行的，很多老年人并不会因此感到害怕，所以他们确实会不成比例地受益。当我们谈论陪伴和孤独时，这也是一个非常令人兴奋的领域。我认为，如果你看看过去20年应用于人际关系的技术，那就是社交媒体。我们可以就社交媒体进行非常严谨的讨论，但是当你审视AI及其对人际关系的影响时，感觉它给了人们一个机会，去探索人际关系中那些在现实世界的朋友圈和家庭关系中可能无法获得的深度。所以，这里面有些东西正在打开潘多拉的盒子。我知道，因为
Peter
在他的最新著作和他最近的所有研究中都提到，人类健康和幸福的很大一部分在于你吃的或做的一些小事，他现在正在记录这一切，但你会想：“天哪，仅仅是基本的行为改变就能带来如此多的好处。”



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Well, there's another part which is some of human happiness is setting a
goal and a challenge and overcoming it. And the question becomes when
these abundance technologies are overcoming the challenges for you,
right? I had an interesting experience the other day. I was in an escape
room with a group of friends and it was a pharaoh's tomb and we're
sitting there having to solve these literally these math equations are
on the wall with different symbols and such and I'm hampered by not
having a piece of paper and a pen which was, you know, fundamental
technology because you start to realize how few things you can actually
hold in memory during the course of that. And I was so tempted to just
pull out my phone and take images and asked ChatGPT for the answer and
it started to realize that there is a slippery slope in which we become
so dependent on AI that it takes away the challenges from us unless we
hold that, you know, part of human spirit in place. It is a double-edged
sword in that way. Do you think about that?

嗯，还有另一方面，人类幸福的一部分在于设定目标、迎接挑战并克服它。问题是，当这些丰裕技术为你克服挑战时，会发生什么，对吧？前几天我有一个有趣的经历。我和一群朋友在一个密室逃脱里，主题是法老的坟墓。我们坐在那里，墙上有一些数学方程式，用不同的符号表示，我们必须解开它们。我因为没有纸和笔而感到束手束脚，而纸笔可是基础技术啊，因为你会开始意识到在那个过程中，你实际能记住的东西是多么少。我当时非常想拿出手机拍照，然后问ChatGPT答案。这时我开始意识到，这是一个滑坡，我们会变得如此依赖人工智能，以至于它剥夺了我们的挑战，除非我们坚守住人类精神的那一部分。从这个角度看，它是一把双刃剑。你考虑过这个问题吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Well, I think we've been doing that forever, right? We moved from the
slide rule to the calculator and people said that's a terrible idea. And
then we moved from the calculator to the spreadsheet and people said
that's a terrible idea. And we keep kind of moving the goalposts on
this. If you're a software developer, I used to program in assembly and
then we moved to 3GLs like Pascal and C. And people said, well, you're
losing the benefit of knowing exactly what's happening. And I think we
just keep moving the challenge along, right? We don't, I think we just
shift the goalpost and we change the dynamic of what's going on. But
it's adding much more capability. If I think about what it takes for
somebody to compose complex music today, it's a thousand times easier
than 20 years ago and you just get that much more music. I think that's
what feeds into the abundance thing. We just can create so much more.
But is it so much more crap or is it so much more? What's the filtering
system? Crap for one is gold for the other.

嗯，我认为我们一直以来都是这么做的，对吧？我们从计算尺转向计算器，人们说这是个糟糕的主意。然后我们从计算器转向电子表格，人们又说这是个糟糕的主意。我们一直在不断地移动这个目标。如果你是软件开发人员，我以前用汇编语言编程，然后我们转向了像Pascal和C这样的第三代语言（3GLs）。人们说，嗯，你失去了确切了解正在发生什么的优势。我认为我们只是不断地把挑战向前推进，对吧？我们并没有，我认为我们只是改变了目标，改变了事情发展的动态。但它增加了更多的能力。如果我思考一下今天一个人创作复杂音乐需要什么，那比20年前容易一千倍，你就能得到多得多的音乐。我认为这就是丰裕的来源。我们只是能创造出更多东西。但这是更多垃圾还是更多精华呢？过滤系统是什么？对一些人来说是垃圾的东西，对另一些人来说却是黄金。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Maybe. And funny enough, I remember growing up as an engineer coming up
hearing, "Hey, if engineers don't know how to do memory management, then
they're not real engineers." So you're right, this has happened over and
over again. Look, with that said, I agree with you, Peter, that I think
there's a level of agreeableness that is too much. And I think we need
these models and these AI technologies to also explore the uncomfortable
aspects of the human experience, you know, which is disagreement,
persuasion, sexuality. And you know, I don't want to jump ahead, but
this is one of the reasons I think the incumbents have struggled so much
with it because there's a thousand committees working at Apple and
Google that are explicitly designed to take the humanity out of their
products and these are fundamentally human technologies. So, but look, I
also agree with your underlying point, which is every person needs to
feel like they have meaningful purpose, even if it's created for them,
if it's a little bit synthetic. And without that, the flourishing point
starts to get impacted.

也许吧。有趣的是，我记得在我作为工程师成长的过程中，经常听到有人说：“嘿，如果工程师不知道如何进行内存管理，那他们就不是真正的工程师。”所以你说得对，这种情况一再发生。话虽如此，Peter，我同意你的观点，我认为某种程度的“顺从性”太多了也不好。而且我认为我们需要这些模型和这些AI技术去探索人类经验中那些令人不适的方面，比如分歧、说服、性。而且，我不想过早下结论，但这是我认为现有大公司在AI方面如此挣扎的原因之一，因为在苹果和谷歌，有成千上万的委员会，它们的设计初衷就是要把产品中的人性剔除掉，而这些AI技术从根本上来说是人性的技术。但是，我也同意你的根本观点，那就是每个人都需要感觉到自己有意义的目标，即使这个目标是为他们创造的，即使有点虚构。没有这个，繁荣这一点就会受到影响。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Every week I study the 10 major tech meta trends that will transform
industries over the decade ahead. I cover trends ranging from humanoid
robots, AGI, quantum computing, transport, energy, longevity, and more.
No fluff, only the important stuff that matters, that impacts our lives
and our careers. If you want me to share these with you, I write a
newsletter twice a week, sending it out as a short 2-minute read via
email. And if you want to discover the most important meta trends 10
years before anyone else, these reports are for you. Readers include
founders and CEOs from the world's most disruptive companies and
entrepreneurs building the world's most disruptive companies. It's not
for you if you don't want to be informed of what's coming, why it
matters, and how you can benefit from it. To subscribe for free, go to
diamandis.com/metatrends. That's diamandis.com/metatrends to gain access
to trends 10 plus years before anyone else.

我每周都会研究未来十年将改变行业的十大科技元趋势。我涵盖的趋势包括人形机器人、通用人工智能（AGI）、量子计算、交通、能源、长寿等等。没有废话，只有重要的、影响我们生活和职业的内容。如果你想让我与你分享这些，我每周会写两次时事通讯，通过电子邮件发送，只需2分钟即可读完。如果你想比其他人提前10年发现最重要的元趋势，这些报告就是为你准备的。读者包括世界上最具颠覆性公司的创始人和首席执行官，以及正在打造世界上最具颠覆性公司的企业家。如果你不想了解即将发生什么、为什么重要以及如何从中受益，那么这不适合你。免费订阅请访问
diamandis.com/metatrends。再次强调，diamandis.com/metatrends，让你比别人提前10年以上了解趋势。

<div class="separator">



There is another quick point I want to hit both you, Anish and Salim,
which is at the end point of continued increasing abundance comes a
post-capitalist society where money has little to no meaning. And I'm
not sure how a venture capital firm thinks and deals with that, but I
think we're far enough away that we don't have to worry about that right
away.

Anish 和
Salim，我还想快速提出另一点，那就是持续增长的丰裕的终点将是一个后资本主义社会，在那里金钱几乎没有意义。我不确定风险投资公司如何思考和应对这一点，但我认为我们离那还很远，不必马上担心。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

But I think one thing that I'm encouraged by with all of this is that we
may break through the Douglas Adams framing. You know, in "Hitchhiker's
Guide to the Galaxy," he said, "Anything that's invented when you're
born or that's in the world when you're born, we call that normal.
Anything that's invented when you're young, that's called a career. And
anything invented after you're 35 years old is just bad for the world,
right?" You talk to any banker about Bitcoin and they freak out and
whatever. And I think that these technologies as we humanize them make
it easy for 80-year-olds to interact decently with technology in a very
humane way. And I think that's opens up again abundance. New dimensions
open up. I think it's powerful as hell.

但我认为，所有这些让我感到鼓舞的一点是，我们可能会突破道格拉斯·亚当斯的框架。你知道，在《银河系漫游指南》中，他说：“任何在你出生时就已经发明或存在于世界上的东西，我们称之为正常。任何在你年轻时发明的东西，那叫做事业。而任何在你35岁之后发明的东西，对世界来说就是坏事，对吧？”你和任何银行家谈论比特币，他们都会抓狂之类的。我认为这些技术，随着我们将其人性化，使得80岁的老人能够以非常人道的方式与技术进行良好的互动。我认为这再次开启了丰裕。新的维度打开了。我认为这非常强大。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yeah. We always say internally, you know, that human relationships are
fundamental to the experience of flourishing. Maybe the human part's
overstated. You know, maybe it's just relationships. And as long as we
feel the feelings that result from the conversations, who cares who's on
the other side?

是的。我们内部总是说，人际关系是繁荣体验的基础。也许“人际”这个部分被夸大了。你知道，也许仅仅是“关系”。只要我们能感受到对话带来的情感，谁在乎另一边是谁呢？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

One of the questions I have, and I just put forward the second slide
here, which is market opportunities, is as we get to, let's forget about
AGI. Let's skip ahead to, you know, ASI, artificial super intelligence.
The question, as you know Dave and I are, and yourself Anish, we're all
VCs, we're finding, incubating, supporting incredible entrepreneurs and
startup companies, but the big question is what moats are going to
continue as we go forward. How do you differentiate yourself and prevent
yourself from being disintermediated by the next entrepreneur with a
faster set of, you know, agent-enabled systems? How do you think about
that all the time?

我有一个问题，我刚刚展示了第二张幻灯片，内容是市场机会。随着我们接近——我们先不谈通用人工智能（AGI），让我们直接跳到人工超级智能（ASI）。问题是，正如你所知，Dave和我，以及你自己Anish，我们都是风险投资家，我们正在寻找、孵化、支持那些了不起的企业家和初创公司，但最大的问题是，未来什么样的护城河会继续存在。你如何让自己与众不同，并防止自己被下一个拥有更快、由智能体驱动系统的企业家所取代？你一直在思考这个问题吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yeah. And I think there's two answers to it. Let me give you a maybe a
cute answer and then I'll give you a specific answer. So my cute answer
is that abundance means abundance of categories as well. And there'll be
many new categories, areas for consumer spend and business spend. And
what happens when new technologies are introduced is the incumbents
often get better at what they do today. So I think Microsoft will make a
better word processor and Google might make a better search engine, but
search engines and word processors will be less relevant and there'll be
new categories that pop up where the new entrants dominate. On your
specific question, you guys understand the technology at a fine level.
So you understand that these systems are very good at predicting static
systems. They're very good at sort of averaging the training data and
telling you what the training data implies. They're not very good at
predicting adaptive systems like the stock market or even culture and
music. So, as a thought experiment, if you trained an AI model with all
the music, you know, right up to hip-hop, but not including hip-hop,
would it infer, would it imply hip-hop? I don't think so, because
culture and music is this sort of adaptive system that works together.
So I really do think that there's, you know, moats that are based on
adaptive systems and network is a great example, are actually as good as
gold and they always have been. Moats that are based on sort of static
systems like integration moats, systems of record, I think are really at
risk.

是的。我认为有两个答案。让我先给一个或许有点讨巧的答案，然后再给一个具体的答案。我讨巧的答案是，丰裕也意味着类别的丰裕。将会出现许多新的类别，即消费者支出和商业支出的领域。当新技术被引入时，现有企业通常会在他们目前所做的事情上做得更好。所以我认为微软会做出更好的文字处理器，谷歌可能会做出更好的搜索引擎，但搜索引擎和文字处理器将变得不那么重要，并且会出现新的类别，由新进入者主导。关于你的具体问题，你们对技术有细致的了解。所以你们明白这些系统非常擅长预测静态系统。它们非常擅长对训练数据进行平均，并告诉你训练数据意味着什么。它们不擅长预测像股票市场甚至文化和音乐这样的自适应系统。所以，做一个思想实验，如果你用所有的音乐来训练一个AI模型，一直到嘻哈音乐之前，但不包括嘻哈音乐，它会推断出嘻哈音乐吗？我不这么认为，因为文化和音乐是这种协同工作的自适应系统。所以我确实认为，基于自适应系统的护城河，网络就是一个很好的例子，实际上和黄金一样有价值，而且一直如此。而基于静态系统的护城河，比如集成护城河、记录系统，我认为风险很大。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Interesting. Do you want to walk us through this next slide here on
market opportunity?

有意思。你能带我们看看下一张关于市场机会的幻灯片吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yeah, I mean, consumers, consumer investing is very interesting because
it's hyper-cyclic. So when consumer works, you get the biggest companies
in the world, as you could see from the slide here. And when consumer is
not working, it's really not working. We're now in a product cycle
that's as important as the internet. I think it's probably more
significant than mobile. And the biggest winners, I believe, are going
to be consumer winners and every consumer behavior, including some ones
that don't exist today, are up for grabs. So all of which is to say it's
a great time to be a builder or be around builders, as all of us are.

是的，我的意思是，消费者，消费品投资非常有趣，因为它是高度周期性的。所以当消费领域表现良好时，你会看到世界上最大的公司，就像你在这张幻灯片上看到的那样。而当消费领域不景气时，它就真的不景气了。我们现在正处于一个与互联网同等重要的产品周期。我认为它可能比移动互联网更重要。我相信，最大的赢家将是消费领域的赢家，而且每一种消费者行为，包括一些今天还不存在的行为，都将成为争夺的对象。所以总而言之，现在是成为建设者或与建设者为伍的大好时机，就像我们所有人一样。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Dave, what do you think about that? Well, I totally agree. I think a lot
about the fact that Midjourney, actually I think is an a16z darling,
where the cash flow gets into hundreds of millions of dollars of very
high margin revenue and the cost of the build, because coding is getting
so cheap and so automated, the cost of a build of something like that is
lower than ever. So, you've got very rapid growth of the revenue, very
low capital costs, nothing to lose by jumping in there. Now, you know,
the question always comes up, what's your moat? You know, is it going to
be defensible over the long term? But you're so profitable so quickly
while you explore that, that there's no downside. And we know now that
management teams have to pivot over time. That's just the nature of tech
going forward. It always, continuously, right? Continuously. So, they
have to learn that skill anyway. Why not learn it while growing like
crazy and being profitable? So I like the idea of not being worried
about it. But it is still, I think, worth exploring a couple of
fundamental questions while we have Anish, which is, if you look at
consumer as a whole, a lot of the frameworks are defined by the big
guys. So the App Store is really not, it's not, you know, a fact of
nature. It's defined by what Apple and Google decide, "Here's a
framework that you can operate in." And you know, if you go way back in
time, the early days of Apple and Microsoft, the ISV market, independent
software vendors, they were also defined. And then Microsoft changed its
mind one day and said, "You know what, spreadsheets and word processors,
those are ours now. And sorry you set up your camp there, Lotus, but
we're going to just take that back." So, you do have to be conscious of
the fact that if you're on top of a big LLM, you're on top of a heavily
funded company, you know, you have to predict what they will and won't
do inside their core \$200 or \$240 a month service offering and be
outside of that. But not too far outside. So, I don't know how you think
about that.

Dave，你对此有何看法？嗯，我完全同意。我经常思考这样一个事实：Midjourney，实际上我认为它是
a16z
的宠儿，其现金流达到了数亿美元的非常高利润的收入，而构建成本，因为编码变得如此便宜和自动化，构建类似东西的成本比以往任何时候都低。所以，你的收入增长非常迅速，资本成本非常低，投入其中没有什么可失去的。现在，你知道，问题总是会出现，你的护城河是什么？从长远来看，它是否具有防御性？但是你在探索这个问题的同时，如此迅速地盈利，以至于没有任何不利之处。我们现在知道，管理团队必须随着时间的推移而转型。这就是未来科技的本质。它总是，持续地，对吧？持续地。所以，他们无论如何都必须学习这项技能。为什么不在疯狂增长和盈利的同时学习呢？所以我喜欢不去担心它的想法。但我认为，趁着
Anish
在，还是值得探讨几个基本问题。那就是，如果你从整体上看消费领域，很多框架是由大公司定义的。所以应用商店（App
Store）实际上并不是，你知道，自然而然形成的。它是由苹果和谷歌决定的，“这是一个你可以运营的框架”。而且你知道，如果你追溯到很久以前，苹果和微软的早期，独立软件供应商（ISV）市场，它们也是被定义的。然后有一天微软改变了主意，说：“你知道吗，电子表格和文字处理器，那些现在是我们的了。抱歉你在那里安营扎寨了，Lotus，但我们现在要把它们收回来。”所以，你必须意识到，如果你是建立在一个大型语言模型（LLM）之上，建立在一个资金雄厚的公司之上，你就必须预测他们在他们每月200美元或240美元的核心服务产品中会做什么和不会做什么，并且要处于这个范围之外。但又不能太远。所以，我不知道你是怎么想的。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

It's a great point and actually I worried a lot about that when we were
in the early days post November 2022 and it felt like OpenAI was the
only foundation model game in town because in that world, OpenAI, you
know, they just raise prices and take 100% of the economics that are
downstream from them. Because now, look, we've got a bunch of foundation
model companies that have great models. We have got a bunch of open
source models that are super competitive. Because of that, you see
OpenAI and other companies trying to move up the stack. They bought
Windsor.ai, which is really interesting, and as an application
developer, you're not dependent on any single platform. I mean, if
you're an iOS app developer, there's only one game in town, that's the
Apple App Store. The web is not that way and the AI game is not that way
either because of the presence of multiple foundation models. On your
point, Dave, actually if I may, on Midjourney as well, I think there's
an interesting note there. You talk about defensibility, but what's
happened in that market is it's fragmented. And now you see Midjourney
is a really interesting player that points in a specific aesthetic
direction. It's image generation and it creates these beautiful
hyperrealistic images, but they have a very specific aesthetic. If
you're a designer that's looking for a different aesthetic or more
controllability, you'll work with a company like a Krea or an Ideogram
that has a whole different aesthetic. And as a result, you've got two
companies that both do image generation that are pointed in different
directions. And there's a broader comment here, I think, which is when
we have new technology, these markets are expansive in the same way the
universe is. And companies tend to move away from each other over time,
not toward each other.

这是一个很好的观点，实际上，在2022年11月之后的早期阶段，我非常担心这一点，当时感觉OpenAI是城里唯一的
foundational model 供应商，因为在那个世界里，OpenAI
可以随意提高价格，并拿走所有下游的经济利益。但现在，你看，我们有很多拥有出色模型的
foundational model
公司。我们也有很多极具竞争力的开源模型。因此，你会看到OpenAI和其他公司试图向上游发展。他们收购了
Windsor.ai，这非常有趣。作为应用程序开发者，你不再依赖任何单一平台。我的意思是，如果你是iOS应用程序开发者，那就只有苹果应用商店这一个选择。但
Web 不是这样，AI领域也不是这样，因为存在多个 foundational
model。关于你的观点，Dave，如果可以的话，关于Midjourney，我认为那里有一个有趣的注意点。你谈到防御性，但那个市场发生的情况是它已经碎片化了。现在你看到Midjourney是一个非常有趣的参与者，它指向一个特定的美学方向。它是图像生成工具，能创造出这些美丽的超现实图像，但它们有非常特定的美学风格。如果你是一个正在寻找不同美学或更多可控性的设计师，你会选择像
Krea 或 Ideogram
这样的公司，它们有完全不同的美学。结果就是，你有两家都做图像生成的公司，但它们指向不同的方向。我认为这里有一个更广泛的评论，那就是当我们拥有新技术时，这些市场就像宇宙一样是扩张的。随着时间的推移，公司往往会彼此疏远，而不是相互靠近。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah, I really want to riff on that while we have you, because it's
really clear to me that the number of opportunities way outstrips the
number of teams and a lot of people are intimidated and they're like,
"Oh, isn't Midjourney or isn't OpenAI going to do exactly this, this,
this, and this?" But you're pointing out, like, I think a really
critical and inspiring point, and just the aesthetic difference alone
creates a new market. But I think you were talking about digital makeup
on one of your podcasts, just as a category, like, "Oh, there's
something that's actually, that's a company, that's a product that's
actually defensible." It's amazing.

是的，趁你还在，我真的很想就这一点展开谈谈。因为我很清楚，机会的数量远远超过团队的数量，很多人感到害怕，他们会想：“哦，Midjourney
或者 OpenAI
不是会做这个、这个、这个和那个吗？”但你指出的，我认为是一个非常关键且鼓舞人心的一点，仅仅是审美差异就能创造一个新的市场。而且我记得你在你的一个播客中谈到过数字美妆，仅仅作为一个品类，就好像：“哦，这实际上是个东西，这是一家公司，这是一个真正具有防御性的产品。”这太棒了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

And I think the other amazing thing, Dave, is if you look at the price
points that these products are commanding, you know, Spotify's most
expensive plan, I looked this up the other day, the family plan with
lossless audio is \$20 a month. That's their... it doesn't get better
than that for Spotify. ChatGPT, it's \$200 a month. Google just
announced a \$250 a month plan that's consumer/prosumer facing. So in my
view, in the future, consumers will have food, rent, and software as the
three biggest destinations for their spend. Not bad.

Dave，我认为另一件令人惊奇的事情是，如果你看看这些产品所能达到的价位。你知道，Spotify最贵的套餐，我前几天查了一下，带无损音质的家庭套餐是每月20美元。那是他们的……对于Spotify来说，没有比这更好的了。ChatGPT，每月200美元。谷歌刚刚宣布了一个每月250美元的面向消费者/专业消费者的套餐。所以在我看来，未来消费者的三大支出方向将是食物、房租和软件。不错。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

A lot of companies are overlooking the fact that when you go live with
one of these directly consumer-facing products and it hits, it's global
instantaneously. And so if you think about a \$10, \$20 a month
subscription but you get 30, 40, 50 million people, that's a small
fraction of 8 billion. But that can happen very easily within a lot of
different categories. So again, just so many opportunities relative to
the number of teams.

很多公司都忽略了一个事实，那就是当你推出一款直接面向消费者的产品并且它大获成功时，它是瞬间全球化的。所以如果你考虑每月10美元、20美元的订阅费，但你获得了3000万、4000万、5000万用户，这只是80亿人口的一小部分。但这在很多不同类别中都很容易发生。所以，相对于团队数量而言，机会实在太多了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Wait, I need to just drill into something. Digital makeup?

等等，我需要深入了解一下。数字美妆？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, look, you know, you mean like on Zoom or
something where you can just have different... I mean, you know, you can
be anyone you want to be in the AI world, Salim. So, we should debrief
later.

是的。是的。嗯，我的意思是，你看，你是说像在Zoom上或者其他什么地方，你可以有不同的……我的意思是，Salim，在AI世界里，你可以成为任何你想成为的人。所以，我们稍后应该好好聊聊。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Well, I choose to be a bald, gleamy-headed fellow. So, as do I. As do I.
Wow.

嗯，我选择做一个光头锃亮的人。我也是。我也是。哇。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Alright. So, here we have your third slide before we jump into our AI
universe, you know, that's been just exploding this week. So, AI use
cases, please.

好的。在我们进入本周爆发的人工智能宇宙之前，这是你们的第三张幻灯片。那么，请介绍一下人工智能的用例。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Great. Yeah. Yeah. So, maybe I'll touch on each of these in turn very
quickly. So, creativity, productivity. The thing about creativity that's
so interesting is that we all grow up believing we're creative, right?
We all drew pictures and colored pictures when we were three, four,
five. And then we get to a point in our lives where we start to
self-select into being good at it or bad at it. We're talking about the
technical skill when we say that, not the inspiration behind it. So with
AI, the technical skill of being creative gets separated from the
inspiration behind being creative. And if there's something that you can
dream of making, whether it's music or art or video, you can make it
now, which I think is just incredibly abundant from a consumer impact
perspective. You know, we talked about companionship, social, the
experience that you had, Dave, in the car, in the car ride. Like this is
bringing empathetic, patient, maybe disagreeable human relationships to
everyone that wants one, which has enormous implications from a
flourishing perspective. And you know, finally, wellness and personal
growth. I think so much of this, if you look at even something like
finance. I worked in fintech and financial services and you quickly
realize that fintech is not about helping people make rational choices.
It's about exploring the non-rational parts of our relationship with
money and AI is uniquely suited to help us, helping us get better around
that. So you know, this technology is a substrate to make us more
abundant and happier across every aspect of our lives.

太好了。是的。是的。那么，或许我会依次快速地谈谈这些方面。首先是创造力和生产力。关于创造力，有趣的一点是，我们从小都相信自己是有创造力的，对吧？我们三、四、五岁的时候都画过画、涂过色。然后到了人生的某个阶段，我们开始自我选择，认为自己擅长或不擅长创造。当我们这么说的时候，我们指的是技术技能，而不是背后的灵感。所以有了人工智能，创造的技术技能与创造背后的灵感分离开来了。如果你梦想创造什么东西，无论是音乐、艺术还是视频，你现在都可以做到，我认为从消费者影响的角度来看，这简直是难以置信的丰裕。你知道，我们谈到了陪伴、社交，以及你，Dave，在车里、在车程中的经历。这就像是把富有同情心、有耐心，甚至可能有点不合群的人际关系带给每一个想要它的人，这从繁荣的角度来看具有巨大的意义。最后，是健康和个人成长。我认为这其中很多，即使你看看像金融这样的领域。我曾在金融科技和金融服务领域工作，你很快就会意识到，金融科技并非旨在帮助人们做出理性选择，而是探索我们与金钱关系中的非理性部分，而人工智能非常适合帮助我们，帮助我们在这方面做得更好。所以你知道，这项技术是一个基底，它让我们在生活的方方面面都更加富足和快乐。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Love to get your thoughts on, you know, there's so much on this slide
because there's so many different facets and, historically when you
looked at a founding team, you're looking for your Steve Jobs visionary
married to your Steve Wozniak engineering genius, but now that
engineering component is largely AI automatable and the vision of the
perfect founding team, you know, looks different and being able to
navigate through so many choices just on this slide alone and come up
with the perfect strategy. That's got to be the rare commodity, I
assume.

很想听听你的看法。你知道，这张幻灯片上内容太多了，因为它有很多不同的方面。历史上，当你审视一个创始团队时，你寻找的是史蒂夫·乔布斯式的远见卓识者与史蒂夫·沃兹尼亚克式的工程天才的结合。但现在，工程部分在很大程度上可以由人工智能自动化，完美创始团队的构想也变得不同了。能够仅仅根据这张幻灯片上的众多选择进行导航，并制定出完美的策略，这一定是非常稀缺的资源，我猜想。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Right. I'd have to disagree. You know, we're seeing more technical
founders be more successful over and over again. Yes, AI extends their
capabilities and makes them more productive, but there's so much work at
the edge that AI is not going to do. So, we're really seeing a sort of
rise in the dominance of an engineering-oriented founding team in the
way that we haven't in, you know, 10 or 15 years in core tech.

对。我不得不表示不同意。你知道，我们一次又一次地看到更多技术型创始人取得更大的成功。是的，人工智能扩展了他们的能力，使他们更有效率，但有很多前沿工作是人工智能无法完成的。所以，我们确实看到以工程为导向的创始团队的主导地位正在崛起，这是我们在核心技术领域，你知道，过去10年或15年里没有看到过的。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Well, the Fred Wilson rule, you know, always said, "Hey, we're looking
for three or more founders, best friends, who write the code
themselves." So, is that what, when you say technical founders, you're
talking about former engineers, wrote code at Google, very similar to
yourself?

嗯，弗雷德·威尔逊的规则，你知道，总是说：“嘿，我们寻找的是三个或更多创始人，他们是最好的朋友，并且自己编写代码。”那么，当你提到技术型创始人时，你指的是前工程师，曾在谷歌编写代码，与你自己非常相似的人吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

I'll tell you, one of our most fun investments is a company called Krea,
K-R-E-A, which is a really cutting-edge sort of research and consumer
technology company that brings together all of the creative tools in one
product. So, image generation, video generation, image enhancement, etc.
These are two incredible AI researchers and sort of artists and
enthusiasts. They live in a house up in Pac Heights. They live with all
their engineers. They work seven days a week. You know, I mean, the
first board meeting they sat me down and said, "And we've got a
problem." "What is it?" "Well, our house only has 10 bedrooms. What
happens when we get our 11th employee?" And I said, "Well, you know,
maybe we shouldn't all be living together at scale, but that's a
separate conversation." And so that's the intensity and how sort of
technical they are in their leadership, which is a beautiful thing.

我告诉你，我们最有趣的投资之一是一家名为
Krea（K-R-E-A）的公司，这是一家真正前沿的研究和消费技术公司，它将所有创意工具整合到一个产品中。比如图像生成、视频生成、图像增强等等。创始人是两位了不起的AI研究人员，也是艺术家和爱好者。他们住在帕克海茨的一栋房子里，和所有工程师住在一起。他们每周工作七天。你知道，第一次董事会会议，他们让我坐下来说：“我们遇到一个问题。”
“什么问题？”
“嗯，我们的房子只有10间卧室。当我们有了第11名员工时该怎么办？”我说：“嗯，你知道，也许我们不应该大规模地住在一起，但那是另外一个话题了。”所以，这就是他们的强度以及他们在领导力方面的技术性，这是一件美好的事情。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

I mean, honestly, the most success and the most fun I've ever had as an
entrepreneur is when I'm living that monomaniacal singular focus effort
in life.

老实说，作为一名企业家，我取得的最大成功和获得的最多乐趣，就是当我全身心投入那种偏执的、单一专注的努力中时。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah. I got to tell you, we bought an apartment building right on the
edge of MIT and Harvard's campus. It's actually the closest building to
MIT that wasn't already owned by MIT. We bought it a couple weeks ago.
It has 24 beds in it, six units, for exactly this reason.

是的。我得告诉你，我们在麻省理工学院和哈佛大学校园的边缘买了一栋公寓楼。它实际上是离麻省理工学院最近的、尚未被麻省理工学院拥有的建筑。我们几周前买下了它。里面有24张床位，六个单元，正是出于这个原因。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Amazing. Amazing.

太棒了。太棒了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Believe you were going to say, so if you if you're a product visionary
that wants to use AI in a totally different domain, then surely you can
acquire the technology capability at low cost. You don't have to be the
technical founder in a sense in that sense. Is that not an option that
you're seeing?

相信你正要说，所以如果你是一个产品远见者，想在一个完全不同的领域使用人工智能，那么你肯定可以低成本地获得技术能力。从这个意义上说，你不必是技术创始人。你没有看到这种可能性吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

I think it absolutely is. It's a question of do you want to be sort of
at the edge of technology and new models, in which case you probably do
need to be. If there's plenty of off-the-shelf tools and products like
Cursor make it a lot easier for somebody who's even, you know, familiar
in a cursory way, no pun intended, to bring products to market. So all
of the above.

我认为绝对是这样。问题在于你是否想处于技术和新模型的前沿，如果是这样，你可能确实需要成为技术型创始人。如果有很多现成的工具和产品，比如
Cursor，它们使得即使只是粗略了解（没有双关的意思）的人也能更容易地将产品推向市场。所以以上皆有可能。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

I would say that when the companies that are thriving right now in your
portfolio, when they started their journey just a year or two ago, the
workbench was maybe 10%, and now it's suddenly 60%. So if you look
forward a year at the rate that that's changing, you would have to
assume that to some degree orchestrating the AI agents becomes the
dominant because right now if you're going to build something on top of
HeyGen or on something on-prem, you're going to be mostly coding it up
with Cursor. So it helps you, but you're still coding it up. But there's
some kind of a paradigm shift coming. You know, you could debate whether
it's 3 months from now, a year from now, 2 years from now, but it's
coming.

我想说，在你们投资组合中目前蓬勃发展的那些公司，当它们一两年前刚开始创业时，工作台（指AI辅助程度）可能只有10%，而现在突然变成了60%。所以如果你展望一年后，按照这种变化速度，你不得不假设在某种程度上，编排AI智能体将成为主导，因为现在如果你要在HeyGen或者某个本地部署的系统之上构建一些东西，你大部分时间会用Cursor来编码。所以它能帮助你，但你仍然在编码。但是某种范式转变即将来临。你可以争论是3个月后、一年后还是两年后，但它一定会到来。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

I agree. I completely agree.

我同意。我完全同意。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

What percentage of your companies in the abundance portfolio are AI? And
how many would you put in the bucket of physical robotics or biotech or
nanotech or 3D printing, non-AI exponential tech?

在你们的丰裕投资组合中，人工智能公司的比例是多少？又有多少公司属于物理机器人、生物技术、纳米技术或3D打印等非人工智能的指数级技术领域？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

So, I'm focused on consumer software. I think if you look at that theme
as a substrate across the firm, many of our investments, many of our
American Dynamism investments are also very much in that vein. But you
know, in terms of software, largely all of our investments, there's one
or two that aren't direct AI companies today. But that's very much sort
of a part of the strategy and on the come. You know, it just begs the
question of if you're focused on delivering abundant outcomes and you're
not thinking about AI, like why? How can you be?

我专注于消费软件。我认为如果将这个主题视为整个公司的基础，我们的许多投资，许多“美国活力”（American
Dynamism）投资也与此密切相关。但在软件方面，我们的大部分投资，只有一两家目前不是直接的人工智能公司。但这在很大程度上是战略的一部分，并且正在发展中。你知道，这不禁让人思考，如果你专注于实现丰裕的成果，却不考虑人工智能，那为什么呢？你怎么可能不考虑呢？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Hey everyone, as you know, earlier this year I was on stage at the
Abundance Summit with some incredible individuals: Cathie Wood, Mo
Gawdat, Vinod Khosla, Brett Adcock, and many other amazing tech CEOs.
I'm always asked, "Hey, Peter, where can I see the summit?" Well, I'm
finally releasing all the talks. You can access my conversation with
Cathie Wood and Mo Gawdat for free at diamandis.com/summit. That's the
talk with Cathie Wood and Mo Gawdat for free at diamandis.com/summit.
Enjoy. I'll ask my team to put the links in the show notes below.

大家好，如你们所知，今年早些时候，我在丰裕峰会上与一些杰出人士同台，包括凯茜·伍德（Cathie
Wood）、莫·高达特（Mo Gawdat）、维诺德·科斯拉（Vinod
Khosla）、布雷特·阿德科克（Brett
Adcock）以及许多其他了不起的科技公司首席执行官。我总是被问到：“嘿，彼得，我在哪里可以看到峰会的视频？”嗯，我终于要发布所有的演讲了。你可以在
diamandis.com/summit
免费观看我与凯茜·伍德和莫·高达特的对话。再次强调，在
diamandis.com/summit
可以免费观看与凯茜·伍德和莫·高达特的对话。尽情享受吧。我会让我的团队把链接放在下面的节目说明中。

<div class="separator">



Moving on. This was a big week in AI. I think we've had sort of
convergent AI announcements happening. I am curious why everybody's
announcing on top of each other, but let's take a look. So today, May
20th, and tomorrow it's Google I/O, unveils Gemini updates and Android
ecosystem bets. On the 22nd, Anthropic is debuting Code with Claude
2025, its first dev conference. And then also this week, Microsoft Build
2025, focuses on Copilot, scale out, AI infra, and dev tooling. And of
course, we've got Nvidia making announcements and we'll talk about
Elon's Grok 2.5 announcements. What's the... I mean, I'm in LA, Salim's
in New York, Dave's in Boston, you're in the Bay Area. What's the
feeling like right now where you are?

接下来。这周是人工智能领域重要的一周。我认为我们经历了一系列趋同的人工智能公告。我很好奇为什么大家都抢在同一时间发布，但我们来看看。今天是5月20日，明天是谷歌I/O大会，将发布Gemini更新和安卓生态系统的押注。22日，Anthropic将首次亮相其开发者大会，推出Code
with Claude 2025。然后本周还有微软Build
2025大会，重点关注Copilot、规模化、AI基础设施和开发者工具。当然，还有英伟达的公告，我们也会谈论埃隆的Grok
2.5公告。现在……我的意思是，我在洛杉矶，Salim在纽约，Dave在波士顿，你在湾区。你现在所在的地方感觉如何？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

I mean, every day is a miracle. And that's not overstating the case.
Every... I mean just this on Friday, OpenAI released Codex, which is an
autonomous software agent that simply writes pull requests which for you
to review, by the way, on your phone if you'd like. Every single day, I
mean, any one of these things could be the basis of an entire ecosystem.
And you know, you're showing three for this week. It's crazy.

我的意思是，每天都是一个奇迹。这并非夸大其词。每一天……我的意思是，就在本周五，OpenAI
发布了 Codex，这是一个自主软件代理，它能简单地编写拉取请求（pull
requests），供你审查——顺便说一句，如果你愿意，可以在手机上审查。每一天，我的意思是，这些东西中的任何一个都可能成为整个生态系统的基础。而你，这周就展示了三个。这太疯狂了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

We talked about Codex last week. Here's a fun article. Dave, you want to
set this one up? India plans made-in-India chips by 2025 and its own
GPUs in 3 to 5 years. You pick this slide.

我们上周谈到了Codex。这是一篇有趣的文章。Dave，你想介绍一下这个吗？印度计划在2025年前生产“印度制造”的芯片，并在3到5年内拥有自己的GPU。你选了这张幻灯片。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah, this was really important to talk about, coming on the heels of
Saudi Arabia, which we talked about a couple days ago. So every country
that wants to be competitive in the future needs to have some kind of an
AI strategy and then, you know, that boils down right now to having your
own supply of chips because the chips are going to be unbelievably
constrained for at least the next three or four years, maybe forever
into the future. But some of these more consumer-facing use cases that
involve voices and now multimodal imagery, you know, they'll use up an
entire GPU, two GPUs, four GPUs concurrently to get the best possible
user experience. And that's not super expensive. So it's easily worth it
for the consumer. But the chips don't exist. They physically don't
exist. We're going to make 20 million new GPUs this year. It's nowhere
near enough to keep up with just basic call center use cases. So,
countries that have their act together are starting to think, do we need
our own fabs? Well, India is saying, well, if we're going to compete, we
definitely need fabs. Starting with 14 nanometer, but you got a long way
to go from there. Okay, great. This is exactly the right thing to do.
But then in their own internal research document and plan, it says, "We
expect this to be underutilized and bureaucratic." Like, holy crap, are
there challenges trying to get a sovereign strategy together. So we'll
have to keep a close eye on it, but you know, there probably, you know,
on the order of 50, maybe 100 other countries that need to immediately,
you know, get on the tails of this same exact thing.

是的，在我们几天前谈到沙特阿拉伯之后，讨论这个非常重要。所以，未来任何想要具有竞争力的国家都需要某种人工智能战略，而目前，这归结为拥有自己的芯片供应，因为芯片在未来至少三四年内，甚至可能永远都会受到难以置信的限制。但是，一些更面向消费者的用例，涉及语音和现在的多模态图像，你知道，它们会同时使用整个GPU、两个GPU、四个GPU，以获得最佳的用户体验。这并不算太贵。所以对消费者来说，这很容易值得。但是芯片不存在。它们物理上不存在。我们今年将生产2000万个新的GPU。这远远不足以满足基本的呼叫中心用例。所以，那些有远见的国家开始思考，我们是否需要自己的晶圆厂？嗯，印度说，如果我们想竞争，我们肯定需要晶圆厂。从14纳米开始，但从那以后还有很长的路要走。好的，太棒了。这正是应该做的事情。但随后，在他们自己的内部研究文件和计划中写道：“我们预计这将是利用不足且官僚化的。”我的天，制定一个主权战略确实面临挑战。所以我们必须密切关注，但你知道，可能还有大约50个，也许100个其他国家需要立即跟上这个完全相同的事情。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

We're advising one of the big Southeast Asian countries on exactly this.
And we're basically saying you have to develop your own fabrication
capabilities. There's just no other way around it. And the learning that
will come from that will be very powerful one way or the other, if only
to select who the best supplier is going forward because there's going
to be, we're going to end up with an abundance and a different
architectures coming from different places that will all pull together.
India specifically, I mean the bureaucracy is insane. There's so many
overlapping federal, state level, etc., etc. It's, you know, I always
talk to people and saying don't think of India as a country, it's more
like Europe with 20 different major languages and different tensions and
cultures, etc., etc. You have to look at it from that perspective and
then it makes a little bit more sense.

我们正在就此向一个东南亚大国提供建议。我们基本上是说，你们必须发展自己的制造能力。没有其他办法。由此产生的学习经验将非常强大，无论如何，哪怕只是为了选择未来最好的供应商，因为将会出现，我们最终会拥有来自不同地方的大量不同架构，它们将汇集在一起。具体到印度，我的意思是官僚主义太疯狂了。有太多重叠的联邦、州级等等。你知道，我总是和人们说，不要把印度看作一个国家，它更像是欧洲，有20种不同的主要语言，不同的紧张关系和文化等等。你必须从那个角度看待它，然后才会更有道理一些。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah. One thing also, you know, Nvidia now today is worth, as of right
now, over twice as much as Meta and almost twice as much as Google. And
you're like, "Well, how can that be?" And you know, especially Google
where, you know, the transformer was invented at Google, Google Cloud
GCP is huge, they have their own TPU7s which are incredible. Like, does
this make any sense? And that's, you know, that's debatable. But the
chip demand is such a dominant factor and then underneath that, the fab
shortage is such a dominant factor. And it's not a secret, you know,
it's amazing to me how many people don't know this, but Elon Musk is
video podcasting it out. We absolutely need to accelerate our fab
production. And I was talking to Kaveh Khosrowshahi over at Allen &
Company and they're looking at these new \$4 billion fabs. You know,
normally a fab is a \$20 to \$40 billion investment. But there are some
new designs that are more around the \$4 billion mark that might
actually unclog the machinery and those are really interesting to study
and track. But you know, for India, the perfect scenario is, "Hey, let's
get some \$4 billion fabs up and running, start on 14 nanometer, but
quickly work our way down to 5 nanometer."

是的。还有一点，你知道，英伟达现在的市值，就在此刻，是Meta的两倍多，几乎是谷歌的两倍。你会想：“嗯，这怎么可能呢？”尤其是谷歌，你知道，Transformer是在谷歌发明的，谷歌云GCP规模巨大，他们有自己令人难以置信的TPU7。这有道理吗？这，你知道，值得商榷。但是芯片需求是如此主导的因素，而在其之下，晶圆厂短缺又是如此主导的因素。这不是秘密，你知道，令我惊讶的是有那么多人不知道这一点，但埃隆·马斯克正在通过视频播客把它说出来。我们绝对需要加速我们的晶圆厂生产。我曾与Allen
& Company的Kaveh
Khosrowshahi交谈，他们正在关注这些新的40亿美元的晶圆厂。你知道，通常一个晶圆厂的投资是200亿到400亿美元。但是有一些新的设计，大约在40亿美元左右，可能真的能疏通这个机器，这些都非常值得研究和追踪。但是你知道，对印度来说，完美的情景是：“嘿，让我们建一些40亿美元的晶圆厂并投入运营，从14纳米开始，但迅速向5纳米迈进。”



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

So how quickly do these obsolete themselves and, you know, if you're
pumping out 14 nanometer GPUs, are they going to be useful and compete
with sort of the cutting edge at TSMC?

那么，这些技术过时的速度有多快？而且，如果你正在生产14纳米的GPU，它们会有用吗？能与台积电的尖端技术竞争吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

No, no, not at all. They're not even vaguely competitive. They'll all be
fully sold out for a long time. But the fabs themselves are actually
very sustainable. You know, most of the machinery in there, even when
you upgrade, most of the machinery you reuse. So the EUV component is an
exception to that, but most of the rest of the pipeline you can reuse
over and over again. So the key is just, you know, get on the map, get
something up and running, and then you can work it down, you know, as
you move forward. You know, just reduce the lithography as you go. But I
do think that the other thing that's really affecting this is if you
have your fab act together, AI is getting really good at chip design. I
was working on that a couple weekends ago and so your cycle time can
come way down. And so, you know, because there's going to be algorithmic
breakthroughs all the time now and also that will affect the designs
right away. But you can automate that pipeline so that the new algorithm
immediately gets a new chip design. Get that right into the queue almost
in real time and then you have to wait a month or two for something to
come out the other side. But that machinery, if you get that fully
integrated, which no one's ever worked on before because, you know, a
microprocessor design would last for a full year and so you never really
thought about real-time design using AI automation. So now it's a
completely different world just how this pipeline should shake out.

不，不，完全不行。它们甚至谈不上有竞争力。它们在很长一段时间内都会完全售罄。但是晶圆厂本身实际上是非常可持续的。你知道，里面的大部分机器，即使你升级，大部分机器你都会重复使用。所以EUV（极紫外光刻）组件是个例外，但管道中其余大部分都可以反复使用。所以关键就是，你知道，先上路，让一些东西运转起来，然后你就可以逐步改进，随着你的前进。你知道，随着你的进步逐步缩小光刻尺寸。但我确实认为，另一个真正影响这一点的是，如果你把晶圆厂的事情做好，人工智能在芯片设计方面正变得非常出色。我几周前就在研究这个，所以你的周期时间可以大大缩短。而且，你知道，因为现在总会有算法上的突破，而且这也会立即影响设计。但是你可以自动化那个流程，这样新的算法就能立即得到新的芯片设计。几乎实时地把它放入队列，然后你必须等待一两个月才能看到成品。但是那个机器，如果你能完全整合它——以前没有人做过这个，因为，你知道，一个微处理器的设计会持续整整一年，所以你从来没有真正考虑过使用AI自动化进行实时设计。所以现在，这个流程应该如何发展，已经是一个完全不同的世界了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Manish, any thoughts on this one? Yeah, it's really interesting. I mean,
presuming we do resolve the sort of shortage of chips, which I believe
that we will, there's also, I mean, sustains a need for countries to
build a sovereign AI because the AIs embed values within them, which is
why DeepSeek is such an interesting conversation because arguably
DeepSeek is trained with a set of values that may be a mismatch with
Western values. And every country needs to think about what are the
values that they want to imbue into their AIs. So there's something very
interesting here which almost looks, I'm not sure if you guys are
familiar with the Jones Act for ships that operate in and around US
ports. They must be manufactured in the United States for national
security purposes. I believe we'll see a sort of Jones Act for AI where
AI that operates, you know, in sort of sensitive contexts will have to
have been trained nationally.

Anish，对此有什么想法吗？是的，这真的很有趣。我的意思是，假设我们确实解决了芯片短缺的问题，我相信我们会解决的，那么，各国仍然需要建立主权人工智能，因为人工智能内嵌了价值观。这就是为什么DeepSeek是一个如此有趣的讨论，因为可以说DeepSeek是用一套可能与西方价值观不符的价值观训练出来的。每个国家都需要思考他们想在自己的人工智能中灌输什么样的价值观。所以这里面有一些非常有趣的东西，几乎看起来……我不确定你们是否熟悉琼斯法案（Jones
Act），它规定在美国港口及其周围运营的船只必须在美国制造，以维护国家安全。我相信我们会看到类似AI领域的琼斯法案，即在敏感背景下运行的人工智能必须在国内进行训练。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

That's a great insight. I don't think anyone's ever drawn that analogy
before, but I love, love, love that insight. You know, really, it's
really clear that if you don't have a national strategy for compute,
during this era where the chips are constrained, the highest value use
cases are just going to buy out all the data centers. And it would be
very natural for one or two economies like US and China to have a higher
standard of living and then say, "Well, because I can overbid the Indian
or the Ethiopian, they don't get access to any compute." And that goes
on for one year, two years, three years, four years. And that's the
natural cycle if you don't have a national strategy to get compute for
your citizens. So once you start getting behind, you're going to get way
behind and then you're economically unable to get back on the map.

这是一个很棒的洞察。我不认为以前有人做过这样的类比，但我非常、非常、非常喜欢这个洞察。你知道，真的，很明显，如果你没有国家计算战略，在这个芯片受限的时代，最高价值的用例就会买断所有的数据中心。那么，像美国和中国这样的一两个经济体拥有更高的生活水平，然后说：“嗯，因为我能出价比印度人或埃塞俄比亚人高，所以他们无法获得任何计算资源。”这种情况会持续一年、两年、三年、四年。如果你没有为你的公民获取计算资源的国家战略，这就是自然的循环。所以一旦你开始落后，你就会远远落后，然后在经济上就无法重新回到竞争行列了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Alright, our next story here. We've been hearing about this forever. And
looks like we're on the verge of GPT-5 being released. So here are some
tweets that went out. "Just got to try an early GPT-5. Just wow. It can
do anything I can do at a computer, but much quicker. We actually made
it." And this is from @GPT21. "GPT-5 is in red teaming. This is not a
guess. This has been confirmed." So, when I think about GPT-5, I think
about self-recursive improving AI software, recoding AI and leading to
an intelligence explosion. I think about PhD level or multi-PhD level
capabilities. What do you think of when you hear GPT-5, Dave, Anish?
What do you guys think about?

好了，我们的下一个故事。我们已经听说了很久了。看起来GPT-5即将发布。这里有一些相关的推文。“刚刚试用了早期的GPT-5。太棒了。它能做我在电脑上能做的任何事情，而且快得多。我们真的做到了。”这是来自@GPT21的。“GPT-5正在进行红队测试。这不是猜测。这已经得到证实。”所以，当我想到GPT-5时，我想到的是自我递归改进的人工智能软件，重新编码人工智能并导致智能爆炸。我想到的是博士级别或多博士级别的能力。Dave，Anish，当你们听到GPT-5时，你们会想到什么？你们怎么看？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Well, actually, before we jump into there's so much to talk about there,
but before we jump into it, you notice how they always jump on each
other. So, Google I/O, "Oh my gosh, I got to get something right on top
of them." This is not... You pointed it out before, Peter, but this is
not coincidence. And notice how Apple isn't even trying. They're just
completely invisible.

嗯，实际上，在我们深入讨论之前——那里有很多可谈的——但在此之前，你注意到他们总是互相抢风头。比如谷歌I/O大会，“哦，天哪，我得赶紧在他们之后发布点什么。”这不是……你之前指出来了，Peter，但这并非巧合。而且注意到苹果甚至都没有尝试。他们完全隐形了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah, we'll talk about that. Apple has opted out.

是的，我们会谈到这个。苹果已经退出了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yeah. What do you think about GPT-5? Yeah. I mean, if we've seen so many
exciting model releases since the GPT-5 conversation started and we've
seen a new model architecture with the reasoning models. So, you know, I
feel like we're seeing all the steps that point in the direction of
GPT-5. I don't know that there's a big unveil coming that will show us
something that isn't implied by what we've seen so far. And if you look
at the reasoning models, which actually are just as important of an
innovation as the language models, you know, they are these models that
are trained through reinforcement learning on specific domains, which is
why they work so well for coding. But we still need to go collect the
data sets and build the models for all of the domains that have a formal
concept of correctness. So before we have something that is as
broad-based as you're describing, Peter, which I'm sure we will have
someday, there's just an enormous amount of model work to do between
here and there. So, look, my belief is we'll see something that looks
more like GPT-4 or GPT-3 Pro than a completely different animal.

是的。你对GPT-5有什么看法？是的。我的意思是，自从GPT-5的讨论开始以来，我们已经看到了很多激动人心的模型发布，并且我们看到了带有推理模型的新模型架构。所以，你知道，我觉得我们正在看到所有指向GPT-5方向的步骤。我不知道是否会有一个重大的发布会向我们展示一些我们迄今为止所见尚未暗示的东西。如果你看看推理模型，它们实际上和语言模型一样是重要的创新，你知道，它们是通过强化学习在特定领域训练出来的模型，这就是为什么它们在编码方面效果如此之好。但是我们仍然需要去收集数据集并为所有具有形式正确性概念的领域构建模型。所以在我们拥有像你描述的那样基础广泛的东西之前，Peter，我相信我们总有一天会拥有，但从现在到那时，还有大量的模型工作要做。所以，看，我相信我们会看到更像GPT-4或GPT-3
Pro的东西，而不是一个完全不同的物种。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah, I'm still waiting for someday my cell phone to ring. I pick it up
and it goes, "Hi, Peter. This is GPT-5. Just want to introduce myself.
I'm here if you need anything." Just that will become a spooky future.

是的，我仍在等待有一天我的手机响起。我接起来，它说：“嗨，彼得。我是GPT-5。只是想自我介绍一下。如果你需要任何帮助，我都在这里。”那将成为一个令人毛骨悚然的未来。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

I want the model, to your point, Peter, that is Jarvis, right? It just
goes, "Okay, what do you need right now?" and it can go and make
suggestions and just get to that personal level that we're waiting for.

Peter，就你的观点而言，我想要的是像贾维斯（Jarvis）那样的模型，对吧？它会说：“好的，你现在需要什么？”然后它可以提出建议，并达到我们期待的那种个性化水平。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

I interviewed Sam Altman at the MIT Media Lab a year and a half ago now.
And I tried to get him to open up about parameter count and where
parameter count is going and he said, "Look, we need to stop
masturbating over parameter count." Kind of shut down the conversation.
The crowd loved it. There's like 1500 MIT students in the crowd. They
loved it. But now I can't track just the raw parameter count. So I'm
hoping with GPT-5 we can still distinguish between, okay, here's the
model producing an answer which should be mind-blowingly intelligent,
and then here's the chain of thought reasoning version because, you
know, the chain of thought reasoning, like you said Anish, is adding
immensely more feeling of intelligence than the core model is. And I
think OpenAI kind of wants to tie it all together and say, "Look, don't
worry about it, it's just one subscription, here's all the brilliance,
we don't want to talk about what came from where." But you know, as an
MIT-oriented researcher, I want to know actually what came from where,
which I can do with Llama, but it's becoming increasingly difficult with
GPT-5. Um, yes, that being said, I think it's going to blow our minds.
It is, and they wouldn't be putting it out if it wasn't mind-blowing.
Everything, you know, the prior step functions have all been
mind-blowing. So that's one.

一年半前，我在麻省理工学院媒体实验室采访了萨姆·奥尔特曼。我试图让他谈谈参数数量以及参数数量的未来走向，他说：“听着，我们不要再为参数数量自嗨了。”这有点打断了谈话。观众很喜欢。现场大约有1500名麻省理工学院的学生。他们很喜欢。但是现在我无法仅仅追踪原始参数数量。所以我希望通过GPT-5，我们仍然能够区分：好的，这是模型产生的一个答案，它应该具有令人难以置信的智能；然后这是思维链推理版本，因为，你知道，思维链推理，正如你所说Anish，比核心模型增加了更多的智能感。我认为OpenAI有点想把所有东西都整合在一起，然后说：“看，别担心，这只是一个订阅，这里有所有的
brilliance，我们不想谈论什么来自哪里。”但是你知道，作为一个以麻省理工学院为导向的研究人员，我实际上想知道什么来自哪里，我可以用Llama做到这一点，但对于GPT-5来说，这变得越来越困难。嗯，是的，话虽如此，我认为它会让我们大吃一惊。确实如此，如果它不令人惊叹，他们就不会发布它。所有，你知道，之前的阶跃函数都令人惊叹。所以这是一点。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Let me ask you a question. What's, if you had a guess as to what
capabilities are in GPT-5 versus GPT-4? What would be a standout
feature?

让我问你一个问题。如果你猜测一下，GPT-5相对于GPT-4有哪些能力？最突出的特点会是什么？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Right. It's definitely, you know, everything's fully multimodal now and
the language, and that has been phenomenal even in GPT-4, but once you
start marrying it to images, you know, right now when you prompt it to
create an image or a video for you or you show it an image, it's good
and it's mind-blowing, but it's not perfect. I think, you know, if you
take your digital nurse example that Anish was talking about, "Hey, let
me show a rash on my foot." It's going to diagnose it perfectly. And you
know, you need a lot of long-tail images to do that kind of stuff. So I
expect there'll be a lot in that category since they've had more time to
work on the multimodal that just didn't exist, you know, when they built
GPT-4 and 4.5.

对。毫无疑问，现在一切都是完全多模态的，语言能力也是，即使在GPT-4中，这也已经非常出色了。但是一旦你开始将其与图像结合起来，你知道，现在当你提示它为你创建图像或视频，或者你给它看一张图像时，它很好，令人惊叹，但并不完美。我认为，如果你拿Anish提到的数字护士的例子来说，“嘿，让我看看我脚上的皮疹。”它会完美地诊断出来。而且你知道，你需要大量的长尾图像来做那种事情。所以我预计在那个类别中会有很多进展，因为他们有更多的时间来研究多模态，而这在他们构建GPT-4和4.5时是不存在的。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

You know, I keep on thinking about Leopold Aschenbrenner's situational
awareness paper that came out a couple years ago, right? Showing
basically on the heels of GPT-5 just an acceleration of AI, right? And
we've started to see this. We've started to see the speed as, you know,
if you want, even human IQ points that these models are increasingly
getting and capabilities. So, you know, do we get an unconstrained
intelligence explosion on the back of this? That's what for me is
interesting. And the other thing I'm really expecting in consumer is,
you know, how in a podcast like this, if you don't like the way the
audio recording comes out, there were always tools to clean up audio.
Yes. But now you have tools that'll actually recreate it from scratch
using your voice. So you can create anything out of anything.

你知道，我一直在思考利奥波德·阿申布伦纳（Leopold
Aschenbrenner）几年前发表的那篇关于情境感知的论文，对吧？它基本上显示了紧随GPT-5之后的人工智能加速，对吧？我们已经开始看到这一点了。我们已经看到了这些模型在速度上的提升，如果你愿意，甚至可以说是它们正在不断获得的相当于人类智商点数的能力。所以，我们是否会因此迎来不受约束的智能爆炸？这对我来说很有趣。另外，我在消费领域真正期待的是，你知道，就像这样的播客，如果你不喜欢录音效果，以前总有工具可以清理音频。是的。但现在你有工具可以用你的声音从头开始重新创建它。所以你可以用任何东西创造出任何东西。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yes, yes, when you start talking about multimodal video and you say,
"Here's a static image," it should be able to instantly turn it into a
3D, you know, movable any angle, you know, scenario. And I think it'll
have that capability.

是的，是的，当你开始谈论多模态视频，你说：“这是一张静态图像，”它应该能够立即将其转换成一个3D的、你知道的、可以从任何角度移动的场景。我认为它会具备这种能力。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

We have, I mean, we, I would argue guys, we have a lot of these
capabilities. So Krea today can do what you're describing, Dave, and
taking a static image and turning it into a sort of 3D splat. In terms
of how good the multimodal models are, like I can tell you when I'm
barbecuing at the house, I'll have GPT-4o looking at my hot peppers, you
know, that are grilling and I'll be saying, "Are they ready yet? Are
they ready yet? Are they ready yet?" "No, no, no, no." "Now, yes,
they're ready." I mean, that's what I did this weekend. So, that works.
And step away from the AI. Just step away from the... I may have gone
too deep, guys. I may not be able to find my way out. And then look, I
actually think from, if you want Jarvis, Salim, I think we have Jarvis
today in the form of Operator. You know, Operator to me is the most
underappreciated new OpenAI launch and it's been around for a while and
it allows anybody to use the web, essentially every UI becomes an API
and you can use the web as this sort of control surface to do anything.
Like the implications of that are so significant. Just think of the
mundane use cases as a consumer. Every day I wake up and it goes and
checks for lower auto insurance and a better personal loan rate for me
and it spends the day scouring the web and it refinances all of my
credit lines and then I get a push notification at the end of the day
saying, "Hey Anish, I cleaned all this stuff up for you. You're going to
save \$200 a month." And please send my commission to this.

我们有，我的意思是，伙计们，我认为我们已经拥有很多这些能力了。所以今天的
Krea 就能做到你所描述的，Dave，把一张静态图片转换成一种3D点云图（3D
splat）。至于多模态模型有多好，我可以告诉你，当我在家烧烤时，我会让
GPT-4o 看着我正在烤的辣椒，然后我会问：“好了吗？好了吗？好了吗？”
“不不不不。” “现在，是的，好了。”
我的意思是，这就是我这个周末做的事情。所以，这行得通。然后远离AI。只是远离……伙计们，我可能陷得太深了。我可能找不到出路了。然后，Salim，如果你想要贾维斯（Jarvis），我认为我们今天已经有了以Operator形式存在的贾维斯。你知道，Operator对我来说是OpenAI最被低估的新产品，它已经存在一段时间了，它允许任何人使用网络，基本上每个用户界面都变成了一个API，你可以把网络当作这种控制界面来做任何事情。这其中的含义是如此重大。想想作为一个消费者的日常用例。每天我醒来，它就会去检查更低的汽车保险和更好的个人贷款利率，它会花一天时间在网上搜索，并为我所有的信贷额度进行再融资，然后在一天结束时，我会收到一条推送通知说：“嘿，Anish，我帮你把这些都清理好了。你每个月能省下200美元。”
然后请把我的佣金寄到这里。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Like that's all possible today. I'd argue we
have more, you know, just as you talked, you said there's like more
ideas than teams, Dave. Like we have these magical, miraculous new
capabilities that are underexplored because there's so many of them.

是的，没错。是的。比如这些今天都是可能实现的。我认为我们拥有更多，你知道，就像你说的，Dave，点子比团队还多。我们拥有这些神奇的、不可思议的新能力，但因为它们太多了，所以很多还没有被充分探索。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Alright. Uh, let's head to Muskville. Elon Musk unveils Grok 3.5 AI that
reasons from first principles. Let's hear it from Elon's voice directly.
"So really the focus of Grok 3.5 is sort of find the fundamentals of
physics and applying physics tools across all lines of reasoning and to
aspire to truth with minimal error. Like there's always going to be some
mistakes that are made, but aim to get to truth with acknowledged error,
but minimize that error over time. And I think that's actually extremely
important for AI safety. My book conclusion is the old maxim that
honesty is the best policy."

好的。我们去马斯克的地盘看看。埃隆·马斯克发布了Grok 3.5
AI，它能从第一性原理进行推理。让我们直接听听埃隆的声音。“所以Grok
3.5的真正重点在于，找到物理学的基本原理，并将物理学工具应用于所有推理领域，并以最小的错误追求真理。总会有一些错误发生，但目标是在承认错误的情况下达到真理，并随着时间的推移最小化这些错误。我认为这对于人工智能安全实际上至关重要。我的书的结论是那句古老的格言：诚实是最好的策略。”

<div class="separator">



A quick aside, you probably heard me speaking about Fountain Life before
and you're probably wishing, "Peter, would you please stop talking about
Fountain Life?" And the answer is no, I won't because genuinely we're
living through a healthcare crisis. You may not know this, but 70% of
heart attacks have no precedent, no pain, no shortness of breath. And
half of those people with a heart attack never wake up. You don't feel
cancer until stage three or stage four until it's too late. But we have
all the technology required to detect and prevent these diseases early
at scale. That's why a group of us including Tony Robbins, Bill Kapp,
and Bob Hariri founded Fountain Life, a one-stop center to help people
understand what's going on inside their bodies before it's too late and
to gain access to the therapeutics to give them decades of extra health
span. Learn more about what's going on inside your body from Fountain
Life. Go to fountainlife.com/peter and tell them Peter sent you. Okay,
back to the episode.

插句题外话，你可能以前听我谈论过 Fountain
Life，你可能希望：“彼得，你能别再谈 Fountain Life
了吗？”答案是，不，我不会，因为我们确实正经历一场医疗保健危机。你可能不知道，70%
的心脏病发作没有任何先兆，没有疼痛，没有呼吸急促。而那些心脏病发作的人中，有一半再也没有醒来。直到癌症发展到三期或四期，你才会感觉到，那时已经太晚了。但我们拥有所有必要的技术，可以在早期大规模检测和预防这些疾病。这就是为什么我们一群人，包括托尼·罗宾斯（Tony
Robbins）、比尔·卡普（Bill Kapp）和鲍勃·哈里里（Bob Hariri），共同创立了
Fountain
Life，一个一站式中心，帮助人们在为时已晚之前了解自己身体内部正在发生什么，并获得治疗方法，从而为他们增加数十年的额外健康寿命。通过
Fountain Life 了解更多关于你身体内部正在发生的事情。请访问
fountainlife.com/peter，并告诉他们是彼得推荐的。好了，回到本期节目。

<div class="separator">



Okay. Um, so how do you guys feel about the basic concepts of Grok of
maximally truth seeking AI? And then what I do love is the idea of
applied physics as part of its first principle thinking as part of its
structure. Anish, what does that sound like to you? Is it sound real?

好的。那么，你们对Grok这种最大限度寻求真理的人工智能的基本概念有何看法？然后我确实喜欢将应用物理学作为其第一性原理思维和结构的一部分的想法。Anish，你觉得这听起来怎么样？真实吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Inspiring. No, it is, but it sounds consistent with what we're seeing
from reasoning models. So I think a reasoning model trained around
physics would do what he's describing. I do think honesty is the best
policy and I think this is exactly the right step and you know, I really
salute Elon for having done, sort of led the way in a bunch of areas
including, you know, having the Grok language models allow you to
interact with them in some ways that the big companies never would. So,
and you know, those things we may consider sort of banal like the adult
sexy chat features of Grok, but he's been pushing the edges and I think
he's going to do the same thing with reasoning models and this is an
example of that.

鼓舞人心。不，它是，但它听起来与我们从推理模型中看到的情况一致。所以我认为一个围绕物理学训练的推理模型会做他所描述的事情。我确实认为诚实是最好的策略，我认为这正是正确的一步。而且你知道，我真的向埃隆致敬，因为他在很多领域都引领了潮流，包括让Grok语言模型允许你以大公司绝不会允许的方式与它们互动。所以，你知道，那些我们可能认为平庸的东西，比如Grok的成人性感聊天功能，但他一直在推动边界，我认为他会在推理模型上做同样的事情，这就是一个例子。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Your thoughts? Truth is definitely in the eye of the beholder and varies
by country and we learned that in Saudi this week in a big way. So the
message is right on target, but then the definition and the
implementation, just there's no single answer to it. And like Anish said
earlier in the podcast, the LLMs that we're using, transformer-based,
are very good at interpolation, not quite as good at extrapolation. So
it's going to fill in the blind spots between the training data that you
give it and don't give it. I love the message of give it, you know,
first principles physics, but I think everyone's going to do that. You
know, it's nothing controversial about physics. It's when you start
including some X data and not other X data or do you include all X data
that's where the devil's in the details. I'd be very curious to know
though, you know, is Elon going to roll out versions and or is there
just one Grok? You know, because then you're like, "Okay, Grok has this
opinion of the world, Gemini has this other opinion, ChatGPT has this
other opinion," or are there 20 Groks, 20 GPTs, you know, and you tune
them. So, TBD.

你的看法？真理绝对是仁者见仁，智者见智，并且因国家而异，我们这周在沙特阿拉伯深刻地体会到了这一点。所以信息本身是正确的，但是定义和实施，根本没有唯一的答案。就像Anish早些时候在播客中说的，我们正在使用的基于Transformer的大语言模型（LLM）非常擅长插值，但在外推方面不那么擅长。所以它会填补你提供和未提供的训练数据之间的盲点。我喜欢给它第一性原理物理学的这个信息，但我认为每个人都会这样做。你知道，物理学本身没有什么争议。当你开始包含一些X数据而不包含另一些X数据，或者你是否包含所有X数据时，魔鬼就在细节之中。不过我很好奇，埃隆是会推出不同版本，还是只有一个Grok？你知道，因为那样的话，你就会想：“好的，Grok对世界有这种看法，Gemini有另一种看法，ChatGPT又有另一种看法，”或者是有20个Grok，20个GPT，然后你可以调整它们。所以，有待分晓。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

So, I mean, the biggest challenge we've had even in the social media
space is echo chambers. And so the question becomes, are you able to
take Grok 3.5 and build your own echo chamber or will it say, "Peter,
I'm sorry, your point of view is absolutely wrong and here's the data
about why it's wrong." Is it going to challenge us in that way? I mean,
you know, Elon is pushing boundaries all the time. And will Grok call
him or President Trump or Biden or anybody else on things that they say
which are not defendable by specific evidence?

我的意思是，即使在社交媒体领域，我们面临的最大挑战也是回声室效应。所以问题就变成了，你是否能够利用Grok
3.5建立自己的回声室，或者它会说：“彼得，抱歉，你的观点完全错误，这是证明它错误的数据。”它会以这种方式挑战我们吗？我的意思是，你知道，埃隆一直在不断突破界限。那么Grok会因为他、特朗普总统、拜登或其他人说的那些没有具体证据支持的话而指责他们吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Well, one thing I think about a lot, and this is right in Anish's
wheelhouse, is how much can the user control, and especially when it
comes to copyrighted material because a lot of the most interesting and
fun things you can do as a user involve copyrighted material. But the
foundation model companies are under a lot of scrutiny and they have to
be very, very, very careful with copyright material. But if you put it
in the hands of the user to decide what they want to create, what they
want to do, what voice they want on it, then it's outside of the control
of Grok and then you can start using copyrighted material. It's easier
for me to, it's easier for me to steal it than for Google or OpenAI to
steal it.

嗯，我经常思考的一件事，这正好是Anish的专长领域，那就是用户能控制多少，尤其是在涉及受版权保护的材料时，因为作为用户，你能做的很多最有趣、最好玩的事情都涉及受版权保护的材料。但是基础模型公司受到了很多审查，他们必须非常、非常、非常小心对待版权材料。但是如果你把决定权交给用户，让他们决定想创造什么，想做什么，想用什么声音，那么这就超出了Grok的控制范围，然后你就可以开始使用受版权保护的材料了。对我来说，偷窃它比让谷歌或OpenAI偷窃它更容易。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I think we have to be careful not to have a
zero-sum conversation about that though, Dave. You know, because if you
look at, for example, sampling in hip-hop was very controversial. The
genre wouldn't exist without it. And I would argue that it sort of drove
more royalties and traffic back to the tracks that were sampled than
would have happened otherwise. So I do wonder if there isn't a
positive-sum version of a lot of this.

是的。好的。是的。我的意思是，Dave，我认为我们必须小心，不要就此进行零和博弈的对话。你知道，因为如果你看看，例如，嘻哈音乐中的采样曾经非常有争议。没有它，这个流派就不会存在。而且我认为，它实际上比没有采样的情况下，为被采样的曲目带来了更多的版税和流量。所以我确实怀疑，这其中很多方面是否存在一个正和的版本。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

God, I would love to get you and Bill Gross at the same time talking
about that because that's his whole focus at Praa AI. You guys could go
for probably an hour on that topic. That would be really interesting.

天啊，我真想让你和比尔·格罗斯（Bill
Gross）同时谈论这个问题，因为那正是他在 Praa AI
的全部重点。你们俩就这个话题大概能聊上一个小时。那会非常有趣。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Love to.

乐意之至。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

So let's, here's our next article. xAI deploys 170 Tesla Megapacks for
Colossus 2, the power backbone. And we can see in this image all those
power packs. I mean, what we were seeing is just an extraordinary
building race, faster than ever before. And I was just reading some
articles that, you know, regulation of getting access to power or
building permits had been the constraint. But perhaps not now. Perhaps
people taking the constraints off regulation, building permits and so
forth. Any comments on Colossus 2? I mean, how big is it going to be? Do
we know how many GPUs it will be?

那么，这是我们的下一篇文章。xAI 为 Colossus
2（其电力骨干）部署了170个特斯拉
Megapack。我们可以在这张图片中看到所有这些电池组。我的意思是，我们所看到的简直是一场非同寻常的建设竞赛，比以往任何时候都快。我刚刚读到一些文章，说获取电力或建筑许可的监管曾经是制约因素。但也许现在不是了。也许人们正在解除对监管、建筑许可等方面的限制。对
Colossus 2 有什么评论吗？我的意思是，它会有多大？我们知道它将有多少个
GPU 吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah, I think it was 200,000 in the next wave, mostly H100s. The B100s
are not ready yet. I thought the first class was upgrading to 200,000
and maybe class two is going to be a million, but you know, what's an
order of magnitude between friends?

是的，我认为下一波是20万个，主要是H100。B100还没有准备好。我以为第一批是升级到20万个，也许第二批会达到一百万个，但你知道，朋友之间，一个数量级算什么呢？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

No, I was talking about the prior iteration. So this is what they're
planning in the next iteration.

不，我说的是之前的迭代。所以这是他们计划在下一次迭代中做的事情。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

In the next iteration. Yeah. Well, we'll see. I don't know. But I know
the B100s are not in volume yet. So you're still using the prior
iteration. What's amazing about this is, you know, Elon is immensely
practical. And the reason the Tesla packs are so important is because
when you use Nvidia chips for these massive scale single training runs,
the power spikes like crazy because it does these huge all-collect,
all-distribute operations that just massively, communications intensive.
And so then the GPU is kind of idle while they're waiting to transfer
data and the power drops like crazy. And so it's fluctuating all over
the place. You can't use lithium to store anywhere near enough energy to
power these things, but you can use it to smooth out the power flow. So,
that's a pretty big advantage for Elon.

在下一次迭代中。是的。嗯，我们拭目以待。我不知道。但我知道B100还没有量产。所以你仍然在使用之前的迭代。这件令人惊奇的事情是，你知道，埃隆非常务实。特斯拉电池组之所以如此重要，是因为当你使用英伟达芯片进行这些大规模的单次训练运行时，功耗会疯狂飙升，因为它会进行这些巨大的“全收集、全分发”（all-collect,
all-distribute）操作，这些操作的通信量非常大。因此，在等待数据传输时，GPU会处于空闲状态，功耗会急剧下降。所以它会到处波动。你无法用锂电池储存足够的能量来为这些东西供电，但你可以用它来平滑电流。所以，这对埃隆来说是一个相当大的优势。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

I found this next article on Nvidia's breakthroughs. Let me read this
out loud. One spine of Nvidia's NVLink Fusion can transfer more data
than the internet. Holy... that's incredible. 130 terabytes per second.
Connects, you know, GB200 chips, the next generation chips across 5,000
coaxial cables connected to 72 GPUs. Peak traffic of the entire internet
was 900 terabits per second. So the spine transfers 16% more data than
the entire internet. Let's take a listen to Jensen speak about this.

我找到了下一篇关于英伟达突破的文章。让我大声读出来。英伟达NVLink
Fusion的一个主干（spine）传输的数据量比整个互联网还多。天啊……这太不可思议了。每秒130太字节（TB/s）。连接，你知道，GB200芯片，下一代芯片，通过连接到72个GPU的5000根同轴电缆。整个互联网的峰值流量是每秒900太比特（Tbps）。所以这个主干传输的数据比整个互联网多16%。让我们听听黄仁勋（Jensen）对此的看法。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Jensen Huang (Audio Clip):

And so this is the NVLink spine. Two miles of cables, 5,000 cables,
structured all coaxed and pen matched and it connects all 72 GPUs to all
of the other 72 GPUs across this network called NVLink switch. 130
terabytes per second of bandwidth across the NVLink spine. So just put
in perspective, the peak traffic of the entire internet, the peak
traffic of the entire internet is 900 terabits per second. This moves
more traffic than the entire internet.

所以这就是NVLink主干。两英里长的电缆，5000根电缆，全部经过精心结构化、同轴匹配和精确匹配，它将所有72个GPU连接到这个名为NVLink交换机网络上的其他所有72个GPU。NVLink主干的带宽为每秒130太字节。所以，简单来说，整个互联网的峰值流量，整个互联网的峰值流量是每秒900太比特。这个系统传输的流量比整个互联网还要多。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Wow. I just feel like we're building some version of Skynet right now.

哇。我感觉我们现在正在建造某种形式的天网（Skynet）。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Well, when I call it Stargate, it's like, you know, all these things,
the terminology lines up.

嗯，当我说它是星际之门（Stargate）的时候，你知道，所有这些东西，术语都对上了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

I completely don't understand a single word of this. Oh, like what is a
spine of what? So, it's the interconnect. It's so when one of the things
that Elon did when he built Colossus the first version, right, was he
was able to basically colocate all the GPUs and effectively, for lack of
a better term, harmonize them to get them all talking to each other. And
this, at least from my point of view, is the capability to do that
within a full Nvidia system.

我完全听不懂这里面的任何一个字。哦，比如什么是……什么的主干？所以，它是互连。当埃隆建造第一版Colossus时，他所做的一件事，对吧，就是他能够基本上将所有GPU集中放置，并且有效地，恕我找不到更好的词，协调它们，让它们能够互相通信。而这个，至少从我的角度来看，是在一个完整的英伟达系统中实现这种功能的能力。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

What do you think about this? Yeah, I mean to me it actually illustrates
something more mundane, which is so much of the work that we need to do
is actually engineering work. You know, it's of course there's work at
the edge and research, but there's just so much raw engineering work
that needs to be done to make these systems operate at scale. And a lot
of the constraints that we're going to see are going to be engineering
related. And also a lot of the upside, if you look at DeepSeek, the
reason it was so cheap to train supposedly is a lot of it was just
really clever engineering techniques. So there's a lot of upside in the
day-to-day engineering work as well. That's what I see.

你对此有何看法？是的，我的意思是，对我来说，它实际上说明了一些更平凡的事情，那就是我们需要做的很多工作实际上是工程工作。你知道，当然有前沿工作和研究，但是有太多的原始工程工作需要完成，才能使这些系统大规模运行。我们将看到的很多限制都与工程有关。而且，如果你看看DeepSeek，它训练成本如此之低的原因，据说很大程度上是因为采用了非常巧妙的工程技术。所以日常的工程工作中也有很大的上升空间。这就是我看到的。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah. And all of this stuff is happening co-temporally. Which is what
makes it so exciting to be here right now. You know, it was really,
well, Daniela Rus and I were touring one of the biggest deployments,
actually. It's the biggest B100 deployment. So Daniela runs CSAIL at
MIT, the biggest AI lab in the world. And we were touring it together
and the chips are all liquid cooled now, which means those racks are
dead silent. And I was expecting this really eerie, awesome, silent
experience, but the interconnect spine is still air cooled and it sounds
like a jet engine and so it's right next to it. So it takes all kind of
the magic. What really surprised me though is that the GPUs are all in a
rack, \$6 million a column, and then the interconnect is physically a
rack over. I would have expected it to need to be much closer together
to get optimal performance, but it's actually, you know, physically
separated into separate columns for some reason. That really surprised
me. But it's an incredible tour to take. You should definitely throw it
on the to-do list. Use your a16z all-access card to anything.

是的。所有这些事情都是同时发生的。这就是为什么现在身处此地如此令人兴奋。你知道，真的，嗯，我和Daniela
Rus参观了最大的部署之一。它是最大的B100部署。Daniela负责麻省理工学院的CSAIL，世界上最大的AI实验室。我们一起参观，芯片现在都是液体冷却的，这意味着那些机架完全没有声音。我期待着这种非常诡异、令人敬畏、安静的体验，但是互连主干仍然是风冷的，听起来像喷气发动机，而且就在旁边。所以它带走了所有的魔力。但真正让我惊讶的是，GPU都在一个机架里，每列价值600万美元，然后互连设备物理上在另一个机架上。我本以为它们需要靠得更近才能获得最佳性能，但实际上，你知道，出于某种原因，它们物理上被分成了不同的列。这真的让我很惊讶。但这是一次不可思议的参观。你绝对应该把它列入待办事项清单。用你的a16z全通行证去任何地方。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

That's right. Anish, you want to walk us through Google I/O is happening
right now. Yeah, please.

没错。Anish，你想带我们了解一下正在进行的谷歌I/O大会吗？是的，请讲。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Oh, please. Yeah. You know, take it away on this slide. Tell us about
it.

哦，请。是的。你知道，就这张幻灯片展开说说。告诉我们相关情况。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

No, no, no. I mean, it's so interesting. I've only had a chance to try a
few of the products so far. I tried the AI mode. You know, I was a
little bit overwhelmed. Uh, sorry, underwhelmed. You know, like what
stands out to me and is notable. Number one, I think Veo, their video
models, video generation models are incredible. Veo is probably the only
video model that has been competitive with the Chinese models, which are
less constrained on copyrighted training data, let's say. So, I think
Google has actually shown real strength in video generation. So, that's
one thing that I'm interested in spending more time with. The second is
the price point that we discussed earlier, \$250 a month. You know, has
Google ever had a consumer product that's priced this way? Have we even
seen many? And it's extraordinary that they think that they can command
these prices and I think they will. I do think that their AI mode felt
to me a bit like a watered-down Perplexity. It's just not that good. And
it really shows the power of counterpositioning because Google has spent
20 years making commitments to an ads ecosystem, you know, and all the
blue links and everything else that now, you know, the sort of
competitive setup is demanding that they break. Very difficult for them
to break those commitments and I think it's a real threat to their
search monopoly.

不，不，不。我的意思是，这太有趣了。到目前为止，我只试用了几款产品。我试了AI模式。你知道，我有点不知所措。呃，抱歉，是有点失望。你知道，对我来说比较突出和值得注意的。第一，我认为Veo，他们的视频模型，视频生成模型非常出色。Veo可能是唯一能与中国模型竞争的视频模型，中国模型在受版权保护的训练数据方面限制较少，可以说。所以，我认为谷歌在视频生成方面确实展示了真正的实力。这是我感兴趣并想花更多时间研究的一点。第二是咱们之前讨论过的价格点，每月250美元。你知道，谷歌以前有过这样定价的消费产品吗？我们甚至见过很多吗？他们认为自己能要到这个价格，这本身就很了不起，而且我认为他们会成功的。我确实觉得他们的AI模式给我的感觉有点像稀释版的Perplexity。它就是没那么好。这确实显示了反向定位的力量，因为谷歌花了20年时间对其广告生态系统做出承诺，你知道，所有的蓝色链接和其他一切，而现在，这种竞争格局要求他们打破这些承诺。他们很难打破这些承诺，我认为这对他们的搜索垄断构成了真正的威胁。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah, I'd love to follow up on that. You know, I noticed the stock went
down pretty significantly during this, which is really unusual during
this kind of an event, but I think it's for exactly the reason you were
saying, the cooler this is and the more search moves over to it, the
more it cannibalizes the core.

是的，我很想就此跟进。你知道，我注意到在此期间股价大幅下跌，这在这种活动中非常不寻常，但我认为这正是你所说的原因：这个新技术越酷，搜索业务越向它转移，就越会蚕食核心业务。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Correct. That's exactly right. It's such a challenging position for them
to be in. And look, the front door of the internet, they have been the
front door of the internet for the last 20 years. It's the most
interesting place to be on the internet from an economic perspective.
The front door to the internet is up for grabs. Already my kids are
telling me, "Dad, everybody knows that ChatGPT is better than Google."
So, there's a near-term threat from products and then there's a sort of
long-term threat from generational change in the products that they
prefer to consume.

没错。完全正确。他们现在处于一个极具挑战性的位置。而且你看，互联网的入口，过去20年他们一直是互联网的入口。从经济角度来看，这是互联网上最有趣的地方。互联网的入口现在正处于争夺之中。我的孩子们已经在告诉我：“爸爸，大家都知道ChatGPT比谷歌好。”所以，近期存在来自产品的威胁，然后还有来自他们偏好消费的产品代际变化的长期威胁。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah. And the fact of the matter is there will be something that will
come along and bypass OpenAI and Google and everything else. And we
haven't met the founder yet. Haven't heard what it's called, but that's
just the reality. It's... I'll never forget when Jeff Bezos got, at an
all-hands meeting, and he said in 30 years Amazon may not exist anymore.
Which is pretty extraordinary.

是的。事实是，总会有新的东西出现，绕过OpenAI、谷歌和其他一切。我们还没有遇到它的创始人，也不知道它叫什么，但这就是现实。我永远不会忘记杰夫·贝佐斯在一次全体员工大会上说，30年后亚马逊可能不复存在了。这相当了不起。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

So, Salim, I think those are those sirens happening in New Jersey.
They're here. No, that's Anish, I think, in San Francisco. The main
streets of San Francisco.

所以，Salim，我想那是新泽西响起的警报声。他们来了。不，我想那是Anish，在旧金山。旧金山的主要街道。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

That's right. For me, the one that struck me for this was the 3D video
communications, the Google Beam. That's the one I'm really looking
forward to. I think it'll be really amazing to watch.

没错。对我来说，这次最让我印象深刻的是3D视频通信，即谷歌光束（Google
Beam）。这是我非常期待的。我认为观看它会非常棒。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

We had that at Abundance 360 this year. That's right. And they're
consuming it.

我们今年在 Abundance 360 上就有这个。没错。而且他们正在消费它。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah, it really does make a huge difference in your experience. You feel
like you're sitting across from the person. I remember when Cisco had
their giant version that cost like a couple hundred thousand per set
side of the setup. And now Google Beam. I didn't actually know they were
going to call it Beam. That's great. I mean, it's going to be a consumer
product. And then Project Aura, right, their smart glasses. I think is
going to be, with full Gemini integration, is going to be great. We're,
I think we'll probably start to see AR wearables on the street. Remember
the first time we started seeing people wearing AirPods. Yeah. And
people on the street talking to themselves. Well, we're going to start
to see these smart glasses as well. Can't wait. I mean, for me, it's the
future of education as well.

是的，它确实对你的体验产生了巨大的影响。你感觉就像坐在对方面前一样。我记得思科（Cisco）曾推出过他们的巨型版本，每套设备的设置成本高达数十万美元。现在是谷歌光束（Google
Beam）。我实际上不知道他们会把它叫做光束。太棒了。我的意思是，它将成为一款消费产品。然后是Project
Aura，对吧，他们的智能眼镜。我认为，通过与Gemini的完全集成，将会非常出色。我们，我想我们可能很快就会在街上看到AR可穿戴设备了。还记得我们第一次开始看到人们戴着AirPods的时候吗？是的。还有街上自言自语的人。嗯，我们很快也会开始看到这些智能眼镜了。等不及了。我的意思是，对我来说，这也是教育的未来。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Let's move on here. Okay, so here's what we said a little bit earlier.
Really drives me nuts that Apple still cannot spell my wife's name or my
name properly when I dictate it. I mean, it's embarrassing. So, "Why
Apple Still Hasn't Cracked AI." This is an article that came out. Let me
just read this real quick. "Siri overhaul delayed repeatedly. New
features failed internal tests and missed 2024 and 2025 rollout goals.
Apple spent billions on AI chips and startups, but internal
disagreements on budget allocations led to lack of GPU supplies. Seven
years after hiring ex-Google AI chief John Giannandrea, Apple is still
lagging in AI versus its competitors." I mean, this is so sad. I mean,
this could be a wound that truly damages Apple significantly. If someone
had a beautiful high-end phone with full AI integration, this could be
up for grabs.

我们继续。好的，这是我们之前稍微提到过的一点。苹果的语音输入仍然无法正确拼写我妻子或我自己的名字，这真的让我抓狂。我的意思是，这太尴尬了。所以，一篇名为《为什么苹果仍未攻克人工智能》的文章出现了。我快速读一下：“Siri的彻底改革一再推迟。新功能未能通过内部测试，错过了2024年和2025年的推出目标。苹果在AI芯片和初创公司上花费了数十亿美元，但内部在预算分配上的分歧导致GPU供应不足。在聘请前谷歌AI主管约翰·詹南德雷亚（John
Giannandrea）七年后，苹果在AI领域仍然落后于竞争对手。”我的意思是，这太令人遗憾了。这可能是一个真正严重损害苹果的创伤。如果有人拥有一款具有完整AI集成功能、设计精美的高端手机，苹果的市场份额可能会被抢走。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Fully entrenched high-level theory on this, but before Anish, do you see
in the valley truly great people going to Apple to work?

对此我有一个根深蒂固的高层理论，但在Anish发言之前，你是否看到硅谷真正优秀的人才去苹果工作？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

I mean, Apple, it has a very sort of specific, slightly insular culture.
So less people come in and out of Apple in my experience than come in
and out of places like Google and Meta. I look, I read this article too.
I think that they have a real challenge as a consumer. Using Siri every
day is like a stick in the eye. I think they have a cultural problem
because I really think that AI has, as we talked about earlier, sort of
disagreement, sexuality, persuasion, all these aspects of the human
experience that Apple has tried to sort of polish away. And then
finally, I think they've not had a great track record of partnering.
They really do want to build everything and that served them well, but
you know, the models are moving too quickly and it's not a core
capability of their technology team today. So I think they're in a
pretty tough position. With that said, fixing things like voice
translation in Siri, like come on, it's just a daily reminder that they
can't do AI. It's crazy.

我的意思是，苹果公司有一种非常
специфичный，略显封闭的文化。所以根据我的经验，进出苹果公司的人比进出谷歌和Meta等公司的人要少。我看，我也读了这篇文章。我认为他们作为消费者面临着真正的挑战。每天使用Siri就像眼中钉。我认为他们存在文化问题，因为我真的认为AI，正如我们之前讨论过的，具有分歧、性、说服力等人类经验的方方面面，而苹果一直试图将这些方面加以修饰和掩盖。最后，我认为他们在合作方面的记录并不好。他们确实想自己构建一切，这在过去对他们有利，但是你知道，模型发展太快了，而且这并不是他们技术团队今天的核心能力。所以我认为他们处境相当艰难。话虽如此，修复Siri中的语音翻译之类的问题，拜托，这简直是每天都在提醒人们他们做不好AI。这太疯狂了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

So here's my high-level observation. I'd love to get your thoughts on
it. The visionary integrator model. So Eric Schmidt, good friend of
Peter, he talked when you guys were on stage, you know, in the
side-by-side chairs, he talked for maybe 20 minutes on the visionary
integrator model. And Eric told this story about, he, you know, he was
walking through the streets of Silicon Valley with Sergey and Larry and
Sergey said, "Eric, that building right there, we need that building."
And Eric said, "We don't, we don't need that building, Sergey." And
Sergey said, "Yes, we do." And he said, "Okay, well you're the
visionary. If you say we need that building, then we'll make it work. We
need that building." And he made it work. And that defined what is now
the visionary integrator model that Elon Musk's perfected. You know,
he's got so much vision, but he needs a perfect, "can finish my
sentences" integrator for every business, every operation. So, it's
really obvious that Steve Jobs was the visionary, Tim Cook was the
integrator for years. But now if I go to Google Trends and I see how
many searches are on Steve Jobs' name versus Tim Cook's name versus Elon
Musk's name, it's 100 to 2 for Steve Jobs, one for Tim Cook. So here, 14
years after Steve Jobs has passed away, still twice as many people are
searching his name as Tim Cook's name. Meanwhile, in Saudi this week,
Tim's not there. All the visionaries are there. So then you're like,
well, who is the visionary? Who's the integrator in the company? Because
the visionary needs to attract talent, which means you need to be on
this podcast or in Saudi Arabia or on All-In or whatever it is that in
that era gets people inspired to come and work for your company. That's
a huge part of the visionary job. And I don't see that dynamic. And I'd
love to get Google thrown in that same bucket. And we're just talking
about Google's, you know, kind of little underwhelming I/O, but if you
can't name the visionary and the integrator, then you're not following
the known-to-work current model.

这是我的高层观察，我很想听听你的看法。远见卓识者-整合者模型。埃里克·施密特，彼得的好朋友，当你们在台上，你知道，并排坐着的时候，他大概讲了20分钟关于远见卓识者-整合者模型。埃里克讲了这样一个故事：他，你知道，和谢尔盖、拉里一起走在硅谷的街上，谢尔盖说：“埃里克，那栋楼，我们需要那栋楼。”埃里克说：“我们不需要那栋楼，谢尔盖。”谢尔盖说：“是的，我们需要。”他说：“好吧，你是远见卓识者。如果你说我们需要那栋楼，那我们就想办法。我们需要那栋楼。”他做到了。这就定义了现在埃隆·马斯克完善的远见卓识者-整合者模型。你知道，他有如此多的远见，但他需要一个完美的、能“替我把话说完”的整合者来负责每一项业务、每一个运营。所以，很明显，史蒂夫·乔布斯是远见卓识者，蒂姆·库克多年来是整合者。但现在如果我去看谷歌趋势，看看史蒂夫·乔布斯的名字、蒂姆·库克的名字和埃隆·马斯克的名字的搜索量，史蒂夫·乔布斯是100，蒂姆·库克是1，而埃隆·马斯克的数据是2。所以，在史蒂夫·乔布斯去世14年后，搜索他名字的人仍然是搜索蒂姆·库克名字的两倍。与此同时，本周在沙特，蒂姆不在那里。所有的远见卓识者都在那里。那么你就会想，谁是远见卓识者？谁是公司的整合者？因为远见卓识者需要吸引人才，这意味着你需要上这个播客，或者去沙特阿拉伯，或者上All-In播客，或者其他任何在那个时代能激励人们来为你的公司工作的方式。这是远见卓识者工作的重要组成部分。我没有看到这种动态。我很想把谷歌也归入此类。我们刚刚谈到谷歌的I/O大会有点
underwhelming，但如果你说不出谁是远见卓识者，谁是整合者，那么你就没有遵循行之有效的当前模型。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

And having a company that is founder-led, where the founder can
basically say, "I don't care what the board says or what, you know,
everybody else says, this is where we have to go," where it's an
AI-first founder company, are going to eat the lunch of everybody else,
especially at scale. You need the founder model just to cut through all
the bureaucracy, otherwise you end up in terminal political fights and
nothing gets done, which is what we're seeing. And I've had a few
friends who sold is in the Apple list of choices. But yeah, I think that
there's got to be still a solution that creates a visionary role even
though you can't obviously go back to the founder.

而且，拥有一家由创始人领导的公司，创始人基本上可以说：“我不在乎董事会怎么说，或者其他人怎么说，这就是我们必须前进的方向。”当这是一家以人工智能为先的创始人公司时，他们会抢走其他所有人的午餐，尤其是在规模化的情况下。你需要创始人模式来打破所有的官僚主义，否则你最终会陷入无休止的政治斗争，一事无成，这就是我们正在看到的。我有一些朋友把公司卖给了苹果，这也是苹果的选择之一。但是，是的，我认为即使你显然无法回到创始人模式，也必须有一个解决方案来创造一个远见卓识者的角色。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

And I've had friends of mine who had the chance to sell their company to
Google or Apple. And I'm like, "If you go to Apple, you will be
swallowed up into a giant NDA, not be able to talk to anybody, not be
able to go and speak at a conference or an event." And it's really a
real challenge. Listen, Anish, let me give you a chance to close out. I
know you have to jump on a thousand board calls right now. Grateful for
you joining us. But any closing thoughts here on the AI world that
you're deep into at this moment?

我有一些朋友曾有机会把他们的公司卖给谷歌或苹果。我会说：“如果你去苹果，你会被一份巨大的保密协议吞噬，不能和任何人说话，不能去参加会议或活动并发言。”这确实是一个真正的挑战。听着，Anish，让我给你一个总结的机会。我知道你现在马上要参加无数个董事会电话会议。感谢你加入我们。但是，对于你此刻深入研究的人工智能世界，你有什么结束语吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Oh, thank you, Peter. Well, it was a pleasure. See, Dave, Salim, I would
love to join you in the garden for that bottle of wine next time. That
is one closing thought. I love having these conversations. I do feel
like this is the most human technology that we've ever invented. And I
do think as you talk, Peter, about making the transition from a mindset
of fear and scarcity to one of abundance, this is exactly the technology
that unlocks that in a very tangible way. So, you know, there, I
wouldn't trade being alive now for any other time in history.

哦，谢谢你，Peter。嗯，非常荣幸。Dave，Salim，下次我很乐意和你们一起在花园里品尝那瓶酒。这是我的一个结束想法。我喜欢进行这样的对话。我确实觉得这是我们有史以来发明的最具人性的技术。而且我确实认为，正如你所说，Peter，关于从恐惧和稀缺的心态转变为丰裕的心态，这正是以一种非常切实的方式解锁这种转变的技术。所以，你知道，我不会用现在活着的机会去交换历史上的任何其他时刻。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah, it truly is the most extraordinary time ever to be alive.

是的，这确实是有史以来最非凡的时代。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

I want to acknowledge something, Anish, that insight you had at the
beginning about the subjective technologies and how much of a difference
that'll make. That's the first time I've seen somebody clearly
articulate the massive opportunity yet. So much appreciated.

Anish，我想特别提到一点，你一开始关于主观技术及其将带来的巨大差异的洞察。这是我第一次看到有人如此清晰地阐述这个巨大的机遇。非常感谢。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Well, the analogy to the Jones Act, too, is something I've never heard
before. So, we're going to Borg-like assimilate all of it.

嗯，与琼斯法案的类比，我也是第一次听说。所以，我们要像博格人一样把所有这些都吸收掉。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Anish Acharya:

Please do, Dave. I look forward to hearing it. Just as I adopted
abundance from Peter, you guys have got license to use those now. Nice
to be with you. Thank you for having me, guys. A pleasure, Anish. Thank
you. Bye-bye.

请便，Dave。我期待听到它。就像我从Peter那里采纳了“丰裕”的概念一样，你们现在也有权使用那些了。很高兴和你们在一起。谢谢你们邀请我，各位。荣幸之至，Anish。谢谢你。再见。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Cheers. Every day I get the strangest compliment. Someone will stop me
and say, "Peter, you have such nice skin." Honestly, I never thought I'd
hear that from anyone. And honestly, I can't take the full credit. All I
do is use something called OneSkin OS1 twice a day, every day. The
company is built by four brilliant PhD women who've identified a peptide
that effectively reverses the age of your skin. I love it and again, I
use this twice a day, every day. You can go to oneskin.co and write
peter@checkout for a discount on the same product I use. That's
oneskin.co and use the code peter@checkout. Alright, back to the
episode. Alright, we really enjoyed having Anish. I found this article
somewhat interesting. It's a speculative scenario, "A History of the
Future 2025 to 2040," but it brings up a lot of great points. I'd love
to hear your guys' thoughts on it. Let's take it one at a time. So 2025
to 2026, the year ahead, it's the agentic AI boom. So GPT-5 is
multimodal, it's coming out, Claude 4, codegen floods apps. So I think
this is happening. It's not really a prediction. It's just a reporting
on what's going on. Let's go into 2027 to 2028.

干杯。我每天都会收到最奇怪的赞美。有人会拦住我说：“彼得，你的皮肤真好。”老实说，我从没想过会从任何人那里听到这样的话。而且老实说，这功劳不全在我。我所做的只是每天两次使用一种叫做OneSkin
OS1的产品。这家公司由四位杰出的女博士创立，她们发现了一种能有效逆转皮肤年龄的肽。我非常喜欢它，再次强调，我每天都使用两次。你可以访问
oneskin.co，并在结账时输入“peter”，即可获得我使用的同款产品的折扣。再次强调，oneskin.co，并在结账时使用代码“peter”。好了，回到本期节目。好的，我们非常享受与Anish的谈话。我发现这篇文章有些意思。这是一个推测性的场景，《未来的历史
2025年至2040年》，但它提出了很多很棒的观点。我很想听听你们的看法。我们一个一个来。所以2025年至2026年，未来的一年，是智能体AI的繁荣期。GPT-5是多模态的，它即将问世，Claude
4，代码生成将充斥应用程序。所以我认为这正在发生。这其实不是预测，只是对正在发生的事情的报道。让我们进入2027年至2028年。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

For this one. Hold on one second. I think the agentic is going to give
way to vertical because there's so much opportunity in training vertical
AIs on very specific use cases. I think that's going to complement the
agentic but in general the paradigm is right.

关于这个。等一下。我认为智能体AI将会让位于垂直领域AI，因为在特定用例上训练垂直领域AI有太多机会。我认为这将补充智能体AI，但总的来说，这个范式是正确的。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah. My prediction, the word "agentic" is going to get old very
quickly. It's just too vague and generic.

是的。我的预测是，“智能体的（agentic）”这个词会很快过时。它太模糊和笼统了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

What was the word that got old very quickly? Like a couple of years ago
there was something, "co-pilot" as a term. Everybody started using
co-pilot as a generic term in the past. Oh man, that got so annoying so
fast.

哪个词很快就过时了？比如几年前有个词，“副驾驶（co-pilot）”。过去每个人都开始把“副驾驶”当作一个通用术语来使用。哦，天哪，那个词很快就变得令人讨厌了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

It did. True. I think "vibe coding" is going to come and go real fast,
too. Uh, not, it's a great term actually. I'll be sad to see it go, but
what you saw with Codex, you can launch, you know, 20 concurrent
processes and then stitch them back together again. And that's very
different from vibe coding. No one's named that yet. And Greg Brockman
when he rolled it out said, "Yeah, I'm so bad at naming things, we're
just going to call this Codex." It's like, what? I know. I was like,
"Huh? Didn't you just, didn't you call it Codex already like years ago?"

确实如此。没错。我认为“氛围编码（vibe
coding）”也会很快流行然后消失。呃，不，它其实是个很棒的词。看到它消失我会难过的，但是你用Codex看到的情况是，你可以启动，你知道，20个并发进程，然后再把它们拼接起来。这和氛围编码非常不同。还没有人给那个命名。格雷格·布罗克曼（Greg
Brockman）推出它的时候说：“是的，我太不擅长命名了，我们就叫它Codex吧。”我就想，什么？我知道。我就想：“嗯？你不是，你不是几年前就已经叫它Codex了吗？”



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis (continuing from article):

So, 2027 to 2028, we're going to see breakthroughs. I think one of the
things that's interesting is it's predicted that in the next couple
years we're going to start to see physics breakthroughs and mathematical
breakthroughs and we're going to start to see fundamental technology
moving forward and its ability to help us understand the universe even
deeper. I find that for me is the biggest and most exciting thing
because I think there's so much research data that we have not seen the
signal from noise and have not extracted key observations from. I think
AI let loose on that will absolutely do magical things.

那么，2027年到2028年，我们将看到突破。我认为有趣的一点是，预测在未来几年，我们将开始看到物理学和数学上的突破，我们将开始看到基础技术向前发展，以及它帮助我们更深入地理解宇宙的能力。我发现这对我和我来说是最大、最令人兴奋的事情，因为我认为有太多的研究数据，我们还没有从噪音中识别出信号，也没有从中提取出关键的观察结果。我认为让人工智能在这些数据上自由发挥，绝对会创造出神奇的事情。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Yeah. 2029 to 2031, the end of white-collar work. I believe that, you
know, and this is an argument I have with a lot of people. What will it
not be able to do? I don't see any job that, you know, that at this
point we're talking about advanced super intelligence. Do you think this
is true that we're going to start to see the end of all white-collar
work by that point?

是的。2029年到2031年，白领工作的终结。我相信，你知道，这是我和很多人争论的一个观点。它将无法做什么呢？我看不出有任何工作，你知道，在这一点上我们谈论的是先进的超级智能。你认为到那时我们将开始看到所有白领工作的终结，这是真的吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

The thing that's driving me nuts about this is that's the end point. You
know, figure 2030 is the end point, but it's pretty much a straight line
between here and there. And so the amount of job dislocation, you know,
in 2026, 2027 is going to be like nothing we've ever seen. And I keep
telling all the CEOs, you're way under-planning. You need to look at
every single person in your organization, all the individual
contributors doing white-collar work, and you need to get them to become
AI users right now. Otherwise, you're condemning them to being sitting
ducks. And you're like, "Well, it's two or three years in the future."
Two or they've been working and doing their career planning for 20
years. They're stuck. You've got to get them on the platform now and
free up the time for them to learn and put formal education programs in
front of them now. Because if you draw a straight line between now and
2030, which is probably more like 2029, 2028, that's only a couple years
for people to remap their entire career path. There's a huge disservice
by sticking your head in the sand and ignoring this.

让我抓狂的是，那是终点。你知道，假设2030年是终点，但从现在到那时几乎是一条直线。因此，2026年、2027年的失业人数将是我们前所未见的。我一直告诉所有CEO，你们的计划远远不够。你需要审视你组织中的每一个人，所有从事白领工作的个人贡献者，你需要让他们现在就成为AI用户。否则，你就是在让他们坐以待毙。你会说：“嗯，那是两三年后的事了。”两三年，或者说他们已经工作了20年，并为自己的职业生涯做了20年的规划。他们被困住了。你现在就必须让他们使用这个平台，腾出时间让他们学习，并为他们提供正式的教育项目。因为如果你在现在和2030年之间画一条直线——可能更像是2029年、2028年——那人们只有几年的时间来重新规划他们的整个职业道路。对此视而不见、把头埋在沙子里，是极大的失职。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

There's another thing as well, which is getting your employees and your
kids and your friends to start thinking as entrepreneurs, right? Because
when I was having a conversation with a friend of mine, Dan Sullivan,
and Dan, I was saying, you know, as this technology starts to truly
become magical level, we can't even imagine right now. Is it going to
quelch my sense of purpose? Is it going to, you know, start solving
things for me to the point where I'm not motivated? And Dan said, "Has
there ever been a time where more powerful technology has made you less
motivated?" And I said, "No." And he says, "Why do you think that is?"
And I said, "Because I'm an entrepreneur and I just dream bigger every
time there's more capabilities handed to me." And I think that mindset
of finding problems, solving problems and letting everybody know they
can become entrepreneurs. They can start to create new capabilities, new
companies, new nonprofits. They can start to dream at a level like never
before is an unleashing of the human spirit that is so important and
creativity to boot. It'll force it, which I think is really amazing.

还有一点，就是让你的员工、你的孩子和你的朋友开始像企业家一样思考，对吧？因为当我和我的一个朋友丹·沙利文（Dan
Sullivan）交谈时，我说，你知道，当这项技术开始真正达到我们现在无法想象的神奇水平时，它会扼杀我的目标感吗？它会开始为我解决问题，以至于我失去动力吗？丹说：“有没有什么时候，更强大的技术让你变得不那么有动力了？”我说：“没有。”他说：“你认为这是为什么？”我说：“因为我是一个企业家，每当有更多的能力交到我手中时，我就会有更大的梦想。”我认为这种发现问题、解决问题的心态，并让每个人都知道他们可以成为企业家。他们可以开始创造新的能力、新的公司、新的非营利组织。他们可以开始以前所未有的水平去梦想，这是对人类精神的释放，非常重要，而且还能激发创造力。它会迫使人们这样做，我认为这真的太棒了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Well, when I was lecturing at Stanford two weeks ago, at the end of the
lecture, the TA came up to me and said, "Man, you really won the hearts
and minds of all these students when you said the administration is
completely out of touch with you." It's like, "Really? That's what got
them won over." But it's that dynamic where, you know, your kids are
going through, my kids are going through, where they're chomping at the
bit to use AI because it's so empowering and because the administration
hasn't figured anything out yet and they're woefully behind, they're a
barrier. But the corporate version of that is, "Well, we can't do this
because we're regulated or because of data leaks or because of
hallucinations." That's an excuse. Good. It means you haven't figured it
out at the exec staff level. And now you're condemning your people to
being behind the curve. And to your great observation, and it's just so
inexcusable.

嗯，两周前我在斯坦福大学演讲时，演讲结束时，助教走过来对我说：“天啊，当你提到学校行政部门完全不了解你们（学生）时，你真的赢得了所有这些学生的心。”我就想：“真的吗？就因为这个？”但这就是那种动态，你知道，你的孩子正在经历，我的孩子也正在经历，他们迫不及待地想使用AI，因为它太赋能了，而且因为行政部门还没有搞清楚任何事情，他们严重落后，他们成了一个障碍。但企业版的说法是：“嗯，我们不能这样做，因为我们受到监管，或者因为数据泄露，或者因为幻觉。”那是个借口。好。这意味着你们在高管层还没有搞清楚。现在你正在让你的员工落后于时代。正如你敏锐观察到的，这简直不可原谅。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Yep, it's absolutely a leadership failure and it's inexcusable.

是的，这绝对是领导层的失败，而且不可原谅。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis (continuing from article):

The last quadrant in this slide here is 2036 to 2035 or 2035 to 2036.
And it's trillion robot economy. I think it's supposed to be 2036 to
2045. I think you should say trillion dollar. Yeah. And so it's the
notion that we're about to have a massive explosion in number of robots
and it's not just humanoid robots, it's robots of every shape and size
at the same time that we have biolongevity cures. We unleash human
longevity, you know, love that stuff.

这张幻灯片中的最后一个象限是2036年到2035年，或者2035年到2036年。它指的是万亿机器人经济。我想应该是2036年到2045年。我认为你应该说万亿美元。是的。所以这个概念是，我们将迎来机器人数量的大规模爆炸，不仅仅是人形机器人，而是各种形状和大小的机器人，与此同时我们还拥有生物长寿疗法。我们释放人类的长寿潜力，你知道，我喜欢这些东西。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Alright, let's move on here. Along the lines of what we just saw, here's
an article I pulled in. "AI designs antibiotic synthesin that beats MRSA
in mice." So this is multi-antibiotic resistant strains of bacteria. And
so researchers built an AI tool that designs new antibiotic molecules
faster than traditional methods. And AI-designed antibiotics effectively
treating MRSA infections that no longer respond to existing drugs. AI
can design affordable lab-ready antibiotics to fight the deadliest
infections. This is the stuff that turns me on. This is the stuff that
I'm just thrilled about our future.

好的，我们继续。与我们刚才看到的内容类似，这是我找到的一篇文章。“AI设计的抗生素合成酶在小鼠体内击败了MRSA（耐甲氧西林金黄色葡萄球菌）。”这指的是多重耐药菌株。研究人员构建了一个AI工具，它能比传统方法更快地设计出新的抗生素分子。AI设计的抗生素有效地治疗了对现有药物不再有反应的MRSA感染。AI可以设计出经济实惠、可用于实验室的抗生素，以对抗最致命的感染。这就是让我兴奋的东西。这就是让我对我们的未来感到无比激动的东西。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Well, that and once you can personalize it to the individual, which
we'll be able to do as a very quick next step, everything changes at
that point.

嗯，还有一点，一旦你能为个体进行个性化定制——我们很快就能做到这一点作为下一步——到那时一切都会改变。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah, for sure. Alright. Uh, one of our last slides here is that Gemini
2.5 benchmarks outperform competitors yet again in mathematics and
coding and multimodal. We're seeing Gemini 2.5 Pro really beat out
against OpenAI, both GPT-3 and GPT-4 model. And what it's not doing
though is it's not winning the revenue race. You know, OpenAI is just
trouncing Google in revenues, and that's a dangerous place for it to be.
I don't know if we need to say anything else about this, but it's
Google's got incredible engineering talent and, you know, a massive
number of wet squishy brains working on this stuff.

是的，肯定如此。好的。我们最后的几张幻灯片之一是，Gemini
2.5的基准测试在数学、编码和多模态方面再次超越了竞争对手。我们看到Gemini
2.5
Pro确实击败了OpenAI的GPT-3和GPT-4模型。但它没有做到的是，它没有赢得收入竞赛。你知道，OpenAI在收入方面完全碾压了谷歌，这对谷歌来说是一个危险的境地。我不知道我们是否还需要对此多说什么，但谷歌拥有令人难以置信的工程人才，以及大量聪明的头脑在研究这些东西。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis (continuing):

Alright, let's go into beyond AI in the robotics world. Robotaxis. And
this comes from Unusual Whales. So Arc Invest, this is Cathie Wood,
projects a \$34 trillion enterprise value from robotaxis by 2030. So,
you know, Cathie has been long on Tesla as I am. Here we see a few of
the companies, this is Waymo and soon Cyber Cab. That's massive. I mean,
the idea that people are going to not take their cars anymore. I think
when this really works, Dave and Salim, is when my AI is automatically
anticipating when I need a car and the car is showing up without me
having to take it, right? It knows my calendar. It sees me walking
towards the front door and the car is just waiting for me. It's magical.

好的，让我们超越人工智能，进入机器人世界。机器人出租车。这则消息来自Unusual
Whales。方舟投资（Arc Invest），也就是凯茜·伍德（Cathie
Wood），预测到2030年，机器人出租车的企业价值将达到34万亿美元。所以，你知道，凯茜和我一样，长期看好特斯拉。这里我们看到几家公司，这是Waymo，很快还会有Cyber
Cab。这太庞大了。我的意思是，人们将不再自己开车。我认为，Dave和Salim，当这个真正实现的时候，是我的AI能够自动预测我何时需要车，而车子在我还没行动之前就出现了，对吧？它知道我的日程安排。它看到我走向前门，车子就在等我了。这太神奇了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Well, for God's sakes, when can it drive our kids to practice? You know,
that can't come soon enough. Uh, well, it's within two, three years. So,
there you go. You've been waiting a lifetime. Two or three years, you'll
be all set.

嗯，看在上帝的份上，它什么时候能送我们的孩子去练习？你知道，那真是越快越好。呃，嗯，两三年内吧。所以，就这样了。你已经等了一辈子了。两三年后，你就一切搞定了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

I mean, we're supposed to do the math for us. Thank God. It just, it's
easy to lose track of the fact that a huge fraction of humanity, you
know, the number one job in the world is driver. That's the number one
title. But you know, then you look down the long tail of other things
that people do and just a huge fraction of humanity is doing things as
routine as driver or, you know, screw circuit board in or assemble
laptop lid or it just goes on and on and on. And so if you sample
humanity, we, you lose track of that when you're in a high-tech hub and
everybody's working on next-gen stuff and spaceships and AI. But just
sample, you know, a random person on the planet and what they do and
that's, and the scale of it, you know, comes out to 33 trillion. I guess
she would do the math. It is what it is.

我的意思是，我们应该让它为我们做数学计算。谢天谢地。只是，很容易忽略一个事实，那就是人类中很大一部分人，你知道，世界上排名第一的工作是司机。那是排名第一的头衔。但是你知道，然后你看看人们做的其他各种各样的事情的长尾，人类中很大一部分人都在做像司机一样日常的事情，或者，你知道，拧电路板，或者组装笔记本电脑盖子，等等等等。所以如果你对人类进行抽样，当你身处高科技中心，每个人都在研究下一代技术、宇宙飞船和人工智能时，你会忽略这一点。但只要抽样，你知道，地球上一个随机的人以及他们所做的事情，然后是它的规模，你知道，结果是33万亿。我想她会做这个计算。事实就是如此。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis (continuing from article):

Well, here's an example. So, Waymo outpaces Lyft in San Francisco. 300
Waymo vehicles now compete, complete more rides than 45,000 Lyft drivers
in San Francisco. And each Waymo averages the workload of 150 human
drivers operating 24/7. Have you guys taken a Waymo ride yet?

嗯，这里有一个例子。Waymo在旧金山超过了Lyft。现在有300辆Waymo汽车参与竞争，完成的订单量超过了旧金山45000名Lyft司机。每辆Waymo平均承担了150名全天候工作的人类司机的工作量。你们坐过Waymo吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I did one in Phoenix. It was pretty mind-boggling
and that was like ages ago. So, it's gotten way, way better since then.

哦，是的。是的。是的。我在凤凰城坐过一次。那真是令人难以置信，而且是很久以前的事了。所以，从那以后它已经变得好太多太多了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

It has and you don't need to tip your driver. You know, you can have
confidential conversations. I'm always wondering if my driver is
listening to my conversation as I'm just, you know, listening. I mean,
you know, I had a back-to-back where I did a Waymo ride in San Fran, the
next day I was in New York and I was in a, you know, smelly yellow cab.
It was like the thing that jumped out at me about the Waymo that I had
completely overlooked is you can control the lighting and the music and
they'll keep adding things to it. So, it becomes like your little, you
know, travel cabana. And, you know, they'll add flat screen TVs. It'll
sync to your phone and it's going to be just such a different
experience. It's not just about being driven. It's about control of your
environment. So, I hadn't anticipated that.

确实如此，而且你不需要给司机小费。你知道，你可以进行保密的谈话。我总是怀疑我的司机是否在听我的谈话，而我只是，你知道，在听。我的意思是，你知道，我连续体验了两次：一次是在旧金山坐Waymo，第二天我在纽约，坐了一辆，你知道，臭烘烘的黄色出租车。关于Waymo，让我印象深刻的一点，也是我完全忽略的一点是，你可以控制灯光和音乐，他们还会不断增加新的功能。所以，它就像你的一个小小的，你知道，旅行小屋。而且，你知道，他们会增加平板电视。它可以与你的手机同步，这将是一种完全不同的体验。这不仅仅是被驾驶。这是关于控制你的环境。所以，我没有预料到这一点。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah. I can't wait for the lie-down beds so I can like, you know, get a
nap on my way to work.

是的。我等不及要有可以躺下的床了，这样我就可以，你知道，在上班的路上了打个盹。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis (continuing from article):

This was a fun article. The Wall Street Journal. "Apple to support brain
implant control of its devices." It's teaming up with Synchron to bring
brain-computer interface to consumer devices. Now albeit this is
specifically for people who are impaired, who have severe disabilities,
but you know, this is the direction we're heading. Again, Ray Kurzweil
predicted BCI, our ability to connect everything to the neocortex in the
early 2030s. I just love seeing these little hints towards that
direction.

这是一篇有趣的文章。《华尔街日报》：“苹果将支持通过脑植入物控制其设备。”它正在与Synchron合作，将脑机接口引入消费设备。虽然这主要是针对有障碍、有严重残疾的人，但你知道，这是我们前进的方向。再次，雷·库兹韦尔（Ray
Kurzweil）预测了脑机接口（BCI），即我们能在2030年代初将一切连接到大脑新皮层。我就是喜欢看到这些指向那个方向的小小迹象。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Yeah, these are the early signals around that, but it'll become
mainstream pretty quick after this.

是的，这些是早期的信号，但在此之后它会很快成为主流。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Well, I'm very much a humanist and I think it's kind of, it gets really
creepy to me when you start punching directly into your neurons. But
I'll put that aside for a second. Ray Kurzweil is going to emerge as one
of the greatest prognosticators in the history of the world after going,
you know, up and then way down and then 2029 artificial super
intelligence predicted 30 years ago. It's going to land like on the
exact moment.

嗯，我非常推崇人文主义，我认为当你开始直接侵入你的神经元时，这对我来说有点，变得非常令人毛骨悚然。但我先把它放在一边。雷·库兹韦尔（Ray
Kurzweil）在经历了起起落落之后，将成为世界历史上最伟大的预言家之一。他30年前预测的2029年人工超级智能，将会像精确地在那个时刻实现一样。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

It's super annoying because he's so outrageous but always correct.
Drives everybody crazy.

这超级烦人，因为他总是那么离谱，却又总是正确。让所有人都抓狂。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Amazing. It's funny. I don't know him, you know, you guys know him
personally very well. I don't know him personally, but the books were so
inspiring to me. I mean, just reinforcing everything I was already
thinking, but then really quantifying it. So, I just, I'm going to love
that when it lands right on the minute.

太神奇了。真有趣。我不认识他，你知道，你们都和他本人很熟。我个人不认识他，但他的书对我来说太有启发性了。我的意思是，它只是强化了我已经在思考的一切，然后真正地将其量化。所以，我只是，当它精确到分钟地实现时，我会非常喜欢的。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah, it'll be great for Singularity as a brand, too, I think.

是的，我认为这对奇点（Singularity）这个品牌来说也会很棒。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis (continuing):

Alright, let's close out our conversation today on moonshots with a look
at crypto once again. Here we go. We're seeing US enacts stablecoin bill
in 2025. So prediction market Polymarket shows a 95% probability that
the US will pass a stablecoin bill in 2025, up 35% from prior weeks. Any
comments on this, Salim?

好的，让我们以再次关注加密货币来结束今天关于登月计划的对话。开始了。我们看到美国将在2025年颁布稳定币法案。预测市场Polymarket显示，美国在2025年通过稳定币法案的可能性为95%，比前几周上升了35%。Salim，对此有什么评论吗？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

I think this is going to be huge. They have to first pass a budget. So
let's give them some time to figure that out. But when they figure out
the stablecoins, this will completely unleash the crypto world and give
it a bridge from the crypto economy into the real world economy. And I
think all sorts of things become possible. I think the opportunity for
AI agents to do microtransactions using this is going to be amazing. So
huge opportunity.

我认为这将是巨大的。他们必须首先通过预算。所以让我们给他们一些时间来解决这个问题。但是当他们弄清楚稳定币之后，这将完全释放加密世界，并为加密经济与现实世界经济之间架起一座桥梁。我认为各种各样的事情都将成为可能。我认为AI智能体利用它进行微交易的机会将是惊人的。所以机会巨大。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Yeah, I think that last point is by far the most important one that we
should track closely week to week because the ability to move back and
forth instantaneously digitally from a stablecoin back to Bitcoin or
whatever you want is intimately tied to the agent-to-agent
microtransactions. And you know, that's going to be, we get Cathie Wood
to do the math for us, but that's going to be probably the biggest part
of the economy by 2040 is those transactions.

是的，我认为最后一点是迄今为止最重要的，我们应该每周密切关注，因为能够即时地、数字化地从稳定币转换回比特币或任何你想要的东西，这与智能体之间的微交易密切相关。而且你知道，那将会是——我们可以让凯茜·伍德（Cathie
Wood）为我们做计算——但到2040年，这些交易可能会成为经济中最大的组成部分。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Oh yeah, there will be, there will be probably hundreds of billions of
agents each doing microtransactions. I mean, this is, this is the half
of the internet. You know, the internet when it was built allowed us to
share imagery and data and documents but not financial transactions.
This is the other half of the equation and it's coming fast.

哦是的，未来可能会有数千亿个智能体各自进行微交易。我的意思是，这是互联网的另一半。你知道，互联网在构建之初允许我们共享图像、数据和文档，但不能进行金融交易。这是等式的另一半，而且它来得很快。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

We're playing with Codex, you know, pretty much all weekend. You can
spawn agents to do all kinds of things for you. And the interface they
put on front of it, you know, each time you spawn an agent, it creates a
new row and there's a little bar turning. You're like, this interface,
like right out of the gate, I want to do a thousand agents like and then
it's going to be a million agents and it's immediately obvious that
we're all going to be fighting for inference time compute. Like you can
think of things so fast and deploy so many agents to do them for you so
quickly. You know, like the gating factor is, "Well, I can't get the
compute in this interface obviously is not going to support the scale
that I need either."

我们整个周末几乎都在玩Codex。你可以生成智能体来为你做各种各样的事情。他们放在前面的那个界面，你知道，每次你生成一个智能体，它就会创建一个新行，还有一个小小的进度条在转动。你会想，这个界面，就像刚开始一样，我想做一千个智能体，然后会变成一百万个智能体，很明显我们都将争夺推理时间的计算资源。就像你可以如此快速地思考事情，并如此迅速地部署那么多智能体来为你完成它们。你知道，就像限制因素是：“嗯，我无法获得计算资源，这个界面显然也无法支持我需要的规模。”



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Well, you, the thing that Anish said as well is having his agent going
out and shopping for lower cost insurance or mortgage rates and such.
So, I love that idea. You're going to be able to optimize everything.
You're going to have your agents constantly searching the web at minimal
cost. And then I want an army of agents that are going out and making
investment trades for me, going out there and just an army making money.
You know, for me, I've been waiting for my boys, my two boys to actually
get excited about trading crypto, but I think the agents will get there
first.

嗯，你，Anish也说过，让他的智能体出去寻找更便宜的保险或抵押贷款利率等等。所以我喜欢这个主意。你将能够优化一切。你的智能体将以最低成本不断搜索网络。然后我想要一支智能体大军，它们为我进行投资交易，出去赚钱，就是一支赚钱大军。你知道，对我来说，我一直等着我的儿子们，我的两个儿子，真正对交易加密货币感到兴奋，但我认为智能体会先做到这一点。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin:

Well, you know, another topic I wish we had more time with Anish to talk
about it because I know he's big on disposable code and personalized
code and you're like, "Well, what's an example of that?" Well, the
example Anish usually gives is imagine you're using Suno or Udio to
create a song, but the song is about this exact podcast and it has
content in it that's related to our topics today. That's a great theme
song to play as a pre-roll. So, it's the software created this thing
specifically for the podcast. It uses a fair amount of compute, but it's
still like 12 cents. No big deal. You create it, then you throw it away.
Well, I can think of a lot of those things. Let me spawn all those
agents to create them, and I'm going to throw them away when they're
done. That's a lot of compute. It's so worth it. But where's all that
compute going to come from?

嗯，你知道，另一个我希望我们有更多时间与Anish讨论的话题，因为我知道他非常关注一次性代码和个性化代码，你会问：“嗯，那有什么例子吗？”Anish通常举的例子是，想象你正在使用Suno或Udio创作一首歌，但这首歌是关于这个播客的，并且其中包含与我们今天主题相关的内容。那会是一首很棒的片头主题曲。所以，是软件专门为这个播客创作了这个东西。它消耗了相当多的计算资源，但仍然只需要大约12美分。没什么大不了的。你创作它，然后扔掉它。嗯，我能想到很多这样的事情。让我生成所有这些智能体来创建它们，然后在它们完成后把它们扔掉。那需要大量的计算资源。但这非常值得。但是所有这些计算资源从哪里来呢？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Wow. My last slide for today. Still on a Bitcoin roll. At this moment,
Bitcoin's running at \$106,500 roughly. Pretty good. It's, we're
approaching near highs. And this article came out, "Bitcoin is becoming
America's reserve asset. More Americans own Bitcoin than gold." That's
pretty extraordinary. I think this was kind of predictable just because
it's so much more democratized. It's so much a thousand times easier to
own Bitcoin than it is to own gold. So I would have expected to see this
sooner. The thing that I think will become really powerful is when we
have people owning at gross level more Bitcoin than they do gold. And I
think that'll be amazing.

哇。我今天的最后一张幻灯片。仍然是关于比特币的。此刻，比特币的价格大约是106,500美元。相当不错。我们正在接近历史高点。然后这篇文章出来了，“比特币正在成为美国的储备资产。拥有比特币的美国人比拥有黄金的还多。”这相当了不起。我认为这在某种程度上是可以预见的，仅仅因为它更加民主化了。拥有比特币比拥有黄金容易一千倍。所以我本以为会更早看到这种情况。我认为真正强大的将是当人们拥有的比特币总价值超过黄金总价值的时候。我认为那会非常棒。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Pleasure as always, gentlemen. Onwards.

一如既往地荣幸，先生们。继续前进。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

This was a big weekend AI. We have one last thing, Peter. What's that?

这个周末AI领域有很多大事。彼得，我们还有最后一件事。那是什么？



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Well, I think Dave, you have a slide or a photograph, right? Do you want
to just show that? I'll stop sharing.

嗯，我想Dave，你有一张幻灯片或照片，对吧？你想展示一下吗？我停止共享。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Dave Blundin (to team):

Can the team pull it up for me? Yeah. Or I can show something if you
have it then. Given that it's your birthday, Peter, we found an MIT
photograph of you from ways back and we thought this was absolutely
worth showing. So talking about AI agents and retro, we want to hear
that guy's voice.

团队能帮我调出来吗？是的。或者如果你有的话，我可以展示一些东西。彼得，鉴于今天是你的生日，我们找到了一张你很久以前在麻省理工学院的照片，我们认为这绝对值得展示。所以说到AI智能体和复古，我们想听听那个家伙的声音。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah, I got this from Matt Groh. He sent me with an emoji of a hair pick
along with it. So, I didn't include that, but I was really reluctant to
drag it out of the archives because I know it can come back around. Ah,
it's quite alright.

是的，这是我从马特·格罗（Matt
Groh）那里得到的。他还附带了一个发梳的表情符号。所以我没有把它放进去，但我真的不愿意从档案里把它翻出来，因为我知道它会再次出现。啊，没关系。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

I want to show you one other thing, though. Hold on. Hold on. I want to
show you one other thing. I've got two images that I thought were really
interesting. Where's my image gone? Oh my god. We have to cut this out
somehow. I mean, I respect you guys. I spend my birthday doing a podcast
with both of you. How was that? Hold on. Okay, let me share this now.
Hey, congratulations and happy birthday, by the way.

不过，我想给你看另一件东西。等等。等等。我想给你看另一件东西。我有两张我觉得非常有趣的图片。我的图片去哪儿了？哦我的天。我们得想办法把这段剪掉。我的意思是，我尊重你们。我生日的时候还和你们俩一起做播客。怎么样？等等。好的，我现在分享这个。嘿，顺便说一句，恭喜你，生日快乐。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Thank you, pal. Thank you. I started my birthday by doing 100 continuous
push-ups in a row. So, still driving that. Very nice.

谢谢你，伙计。谢谢你。我生日那天以连续做100个俯卧撑开始。所以，还在坚持。非常好。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

And then hold on. Was that part of that celebration? Yeah. But that
was... Yeah. There I have two favorite photographs of you. One is this
little 3D printed image of yours that I kept and then one of the next
generation. Oh my god. Yes. My boy. The three of our boys all born
within like a month of each other. They're now all turning 14.

然后等等。那是庆祝活动的一部分吗？是的。但那是……是的。我有两张你最喜欢的照片。一张是你这个我一直保存着的小小的3D打印图像，另一张是下一代的。哦我的天。是的。我的孩子。我们三个的孩子都是在一个月左右出生的。他们现在都快14岁了。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Yeah, that doesn't look like, that doesn't look like me. But anyway,
hey, and I wanted to show one one little more surprise. Lily, come on
along. Okay, we brought you a birthday cake. Thank you. But
unfortunately, you can't eat it because your avatar, nothing on your
diet unless there's salmon in the middle of it.

是的，那看起来不像，那看起来不像我。但无论如何，嘿，我还想再给一个小小的惊喜。莉莉，过来。好的，我们给你带了生日蛋糕。谢谢你。但不幸的是，你不能吃它，因为你的虚拟形象，你的饮食中什么都没有，除非中间有三文鱼。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

I'll reach out using Google's Beam. Well, guys around Cambridge talk
about you all the time. I don't know if that photo, that photo was long,
long gone. Yes. Glad to dig it out of the archives, but I'll just start
it all over again. But just so you know, when your ears are ringing,
that's everyone out here talking about you.

我会用谷歌的Beam联系你。嗯，剑桥周围的人总是谈论你。我不知道那张照片，那张照片早就没了。是的。很高兴能从档案里把它挖出来，但我会重新开始。但只是想让你知道，当你耳朵发烫的时候，那是这里的每个人都在谈论你。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis:

Thank you, brother. Thank you. Thank you. Love you both. Have a
beautiful day, Salim. And happy birthday again from Saturday or Sunday,
whenever it was.

谢谢你，兄弟。谢谢你。谢谢你。爱你们俩。祝你有个美好的一天，Salim。再次祝你生日快乐，不管是周六还是周日。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Salim Ismail:

Saturday. Yeah. Alright. Take care, Dave. Take care, Salim.

周六。是的。好的。保重，Dave。保重，Salim。



<div class="dialogue-turn">

Peter Diamandis (closing words):

If you could have had a 10-year head start on the dot-com boom back in
the 2000s, would you have taken it? Every week, I track the major tech
meta trends. These are massive game-changing shifts that will play out
over the decade ahead. From humanoid robotics to AGI, quantum computing,
energy breakthroughs, and longevity. I cut through the noise and deliver
only what matters to our lives and our careers. I send out a Metatrends
newsletter twice a week as a quick two-minute read-over email. It's
entirely free. These insights are read by founders, CEOs, and investors
behind some of the world's most disruptive companies. Why? Because
acting early is everything. This is for you if you want to see the
future before it arrives and profit from it. Sign up at
diamandis.com/metatrends and be ahead of the next tech bubble. That's
diamandis.com/metatrends.

如果在2000年代的互联网泡沫时期，你能有10年的领先优势，你会抓住它吗？我每周都会追踪主要的科技元趋势。这些都是将在未来十年发生的、改变游戏规则的巨大转变。从人形机器人到通用人工智能（AGI）、量子计算、能源突破和长寿。我滤除噪音，只提供对我们生活和职业重要的内容。我每周两次通过电子邮件发送一份《元趋势》时事通讯，只需两分钟即可快速阅读。它完全免费。这些见解被世界上一些最具颠覆性公司的创始人、首席执行官和投资者阅读。为什么？因为尽早行动至关重要。如果你想在未来到来之前看到它并从中获利，那么这正是为你准备的。请在
diamandis.com/metatrends
注册，在下一次科技泡沫来临之前抢占先机。再次强调，diamandis.com/metatrends。



<div class="copy-button-container">

Copy as Markdown
