---
title: "Tom Lee：2025年下半年美股策略深度问答 (第一部分)"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "Tampuro代表"
  guest: "Tom Lee" 
  source: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOUR_VIDEO_ID"
---



# Tom Lee：2025年下半年美股策略深度问答 (第一部分)

## 开场与市场宏观评估

**Host:** Oh yeah. So Tom, welcome to Korea. So I know uh this is a very
uh brief trip. So you're not going to Tokyo. So tomorrow you're just
flying back to uh New York City.

**主持人:**
好的。那么汤姆，欢迎来到韩国。我知道这次行程非常短暂，您不去东京，明天就直接飞回纽约了。

**Tom Lee:** Well, tonight I'm flying back.

**Tom Lee:** 不，是今晚就飞回去。

**Host:** Oh, tonight. Okay. But you know, really on behalf of Tampuro,
really appreciate your uh time and efforts to make a trip to uh Korea.
So we're going to go one by one the questionnaires that uh were uh you
know prepared by our nice audience here. So when we met last December, I
remember uh you your uh argument was that the market looks still pretty
solid. Uh but you expect a major correction sometime in the middle of
the year. I think that correction came a bit earlier thanks to Donald
Trump. So and I think you were bullish on uh small midcaps and the
bitcoins. Um so but we have a lot of geopolitical risk so the valuation
don't seem too cheap but what's your overall assessment uh of the market
where we are and how do you uh anticipate the market in the second half
and 2026?

**主持人:**
哦，今晚。好的。我谨代表Tampuro，真心感谢您抽出宝贵时间专程来到韩国。接下来，我们将逐一探讨我们热情的观众所准备的问题。我记得去年12月我们见面时，您的论点是市场看起来依然相当稳固，但您预计年中会出现一次大的回调。我认为，由于唐纳德·特朗普的缘故，这次回调来得早了一些。同时，我记得您看好中小型股和比特币。然而，现在我们面临很多地缘政治风险，估值似乎也不便宜。您对当前市场状况的总体评估是什么？以及您如何预测下半年和2026年的市场走势？

**Tom Lee:** Well, the stock market in 2025 faced a black swan because
tariff liberation day was a shock and it created a downward spiral in
stocks falling 20% in the fastest pace uh or one of the fastest pace in
a 100 years. There have only been 12 times in history that stocks fell a
similar amount and a similar speed. And I think the mistake many people
made was that that shock turned people bearish. As you mentioned, we did
think there would be a correction this year. But the reason I think we
didn't turn bearish even though this was a huge decline is three things.
One, um, we didn't expect President Trump to stick with the tariff
terms. So even though in the beginning they claimed this was the deal
and everyone had to take it, we thought they would eventually walk back
um those terms which is what's happened. And in fact what we've seen so
far is the tariffs are much much milder than many people thought at the
start of the year. So we're actually in a better place. The second is
many economists convinced you that there'd be a recession. Do you
remember uh all these economists said a recession's guaranteed and
that's why everybody panicked and sold their stocks. But we don't
necessarily listen to economists. We prefer to watch what the high yield
market is doing. And the high yield market, while it showed some
turbulence, actually moved in a way that said there might be a growth
scare. So there's a difference between a growth scare and a recession. A
growth scare just means everybody gets cautious, which is
understandable. And the third reason we didn't turn bearish is that
waterfall declines like we saw usually come back as a V-shaped recovery.

**Tom Lee:** 2025年的股市遭遇了一次“黑天鹅”事件 (Black swan:
指非常罕见，通常会带来严重后果的意外事件)，因为“关税解放日”是一个冲击，它引发了股市的螺旋式下跌，以百年来最快的速度之一暴跌了20%。历史上只有12次股市出现过类似幅度和速度的下跌。我认为许多人犯的错误是，这次冲击让他们变得悲观。正如您所说，我们确实预料到今年会有回调。但即使面对如此巨大的跌幅，我们没有转为熊市的原因有三点。第一，我们不认为特朗普总统会固守最初的关税条款。尽管一开始他们声称这就是最终方案，所有人都必须接受，但我们预料他们最终会收回这些条款，而事实也的确如此。目前我们看到的关税比年初时许多人预想的要温和得多，所以我们实际上处于一个更好的境地。第二，许多经济学家让大家相信经济衰退即将来临。还记得吗？所有这些经济学家都说经济衰退是板上钉钉的事，导致大家恐慌性抛售股票。但我们不一定会听经济学家的。我们更倾向于观察高收益债券市场的表现。高收益债市场虽然显示出一些动荡，但其走势表明可能只是“增长恐慌”（growth
scare），而非真正的衰退。“增长恐慌”和衰退是有区别的，前者只是意味着大家变得谨慎，这是可以理解的。第三，我们没有转熊的另一个原因是，像我们所见的这种瀑布式下跌，通常会以V型复苏告终。

**Tom Lee:** And that was our argument that this would be a V-shaped
bounce. And in fact, we were pretty convinced of it because the VIX,
which is a measure of volatility, jumped to 60. And if you look at the
last 35 years, anytime the VIX has moved above 60, no matter what you
think, you have to buy the stock market because that's pure terror. The
market is so scared, they're not pricing anything, and that's why you
have to buy that. And so stocks had a V-shaped bounce. And now that
we're almost back to the old highs, I'm finding a lot of people are
still bearish. Maybe in the audience, you guys are still bearish
thinking, I don't see why stocks came back, so I don't really want to
buy the stock market now. But here's something to keep in mind. In 2025,
we've already had a 20% decline. The chances of a 10% decline between
now and year end is very low. It might even be statistically 0%. So
maybe the stock market could trade sideways for a little bit, but the
chances of us declining again are very low.

**Tom Lee:**
这就是我们当时的论点，即市场将出现V型反弹。事实上，我们对此深信不疑，因为衡量波动性的VIX指数
(VIX: 衡量市场恐慌情绪和未来波动预期的指数)
飙升到了60。回顾过去35年，每当VIX指数超过60，无论你怎么想，都必须买入股票，因为那代表着纯粹的恐慌。市场已经极度恐惧，无法对任何事物进行定价，这正是你必须买入的原因。所以，股市确实出现了V型反弹。现在我们几乎回到了前期高点，我发现很多人仍然持悲观态度。也许在座的各位也仍然看空，心想：“我不明白股市为什么会反弹回来，所以我现在不想买。”但请记住一点：2025年我们已经经历了一次20%的下跌。从现在到年底，再出现10%下跌的概率非常低，统计上甚至可能是0%。所以，股市可能会横盘整理一段时间，但再次大幅下跌的可能性非常小。

## 利率政策与板块轮动

**Host:** I remember when I was an analyst uh at JP Morgan in the '9s, I
always had to revise my earnings forecast because one of my colleague
Asian economist, she was always consistently wrong. So we should not uh
believe in the forecast by the uh economist. So you remain quite
positive, right? Um so let's just talk a little bit about the uh
interest rate monetary policy. If and when the Fed uh cuts the uh
benchmark rates um in the second half of the year or next year, do you
think that the the strengths in the uh small midcaps will um continue?
And how about some of the uh the sectors which would uh drive the
market? Do you think that the uh magnificent 7 M7 uh would uh uh lead
the market? It has been relatively underperforming the market I think
year to date. And which sector, which companies would be the take the
leadership in the overall market?

**主持人:**
我记得90年代在摩根大通当分析师时，我总得修改我的盈利预测，因为我的一位亚洲经济学家同事，她的预测总是错的。所以我们确实不应该相信经济学家的预测。那么，您依然保持相当乐观的态度，对吗？我们来谈谈利率和货币政策。如果美联储在今年下半年或明年降息，您认为中小型股的强势会持续吗？哪些板块会推动市场？您认为“七巨头”(Magnificent
7:
指苹果、微软、谷歌、亚马逊、英伟达、特斯拉和Meta这七家科技巨头)会引领市场吗？今年以来它们的表现相对落后于大盘。哪些板块和公司将取得市场领导地位？

**Tom Lee:** The Fed is not cutting rates right now. And Fed Chair
Powell said he's not cutting interest rates because he's expecting
inflation to rise over the summer because of tariffs. That might kind of
make sense. I mean, I'd say if someone said that to me, I'd say I
understand that prices should be going up because of tariffs, but that
is not actually how monetary policy should be administered. The Fed is
really supposed to overlook supply shocks. So, if you have a supply
shock like a tax and it causes a one-time rise in price, the the central
bank is not supposed to adjust monetary policy for that because they're
the the Fed is trying to control demand. Meaning if there's so much
demand for something that it causes prices to go up, they try to tighten
monetary policy. But because of tariffs is more like a supply shock, the
Fed should actually look through it. The bond market is starting to make
that conclusion. On Wednesday's FOMC meeting, the bond market disagreed
with the Fed. interest rates actually went down in the last couple of
days because they don't believe the Fed should be on hold. And that's
also been our argument that the Fed, if they're not cutting now, they
have to do more cuts next year. Maybe more importantly, most people
think stock rallies are only because the Fed is easing, adding
liquidity. That's why at in the April lows, people were saying the stock
market couldn't rebound cuz the Fed wasn't going to add liquidity. But
guess what? We had a V-shaped bounce anyways. And so it shows you the
central bank isn't needed for stocks to rally, but next year we think
they're going to cut a lot and that should support stocks. And as far as
positioning goes, I I don't think you really explained our view on
sectors this year. At the start of this year, our top calls were
industrials, financials, and tech. That was first, second, and third.
Year-to-date, industrials, financials are outperforming the market, and
tech is actually beginning to outperform. So, that's really been our
stance this year. But with the Fed cutting rates next year, I think
that's going to be good for interest sensitive. So that should really
support financials and it should support small and midcaps.

**Tom Lee:**
美联储目前没有降息。主席鲍威尔表示，他不降息是因为预计夏季通胀会因关税而上升。这听起来似乎有些道理。但实际上，货币政策不应该这样执行。美联储本应忽略供应冲击。如果你遇到像关税这样的供应冲击，导致价格一次性上涨，央行不应该为此调整货币政策，因为美联储的目标是控制需求。只有在需求过旺导致价格上涨时，他们才应该收紧货币政策。关税更像是一种供应冲击，美联储应该看穿它。债券市场已经开始得出这个结论。在周三的联邦公开市场委员会
(FOMC: 美联储制定货币政策的机构)
会议后，债券市场与美联储的看法相左，利率在过去几天实际上下降了，因为市场不认为美联储应该按兵不动。这也一直是我们的论点：如果美联储现在不降息，明年就必须降得更多。也许更重要的是，大多数人认为股市上涨只是因为美联储在放水。但在4月份的低点，当人们说股市无法反弹因为美联储不会增加流动性时，股市照样V型反弹了。这表明股市上涨并不一定需要央行，但我们认为明年他们会大幅降息，这将支撑股市。至于板块配置，年初时，我们最看好的是工业、金融和科技，这是我们的前三选择。今年至今，工业和金融板块表现优于大盘，科技板块也开始跑赢。这是我们今年的立场。随着明年美联储降息，我认为这将对利率敏感型板块有利，因此会真正支撑金融股以及中小型股。

**Host:** Uh your uh coal error early this year was industrial financial
tech and now tech is finally picking up and you continue to believe that
cyclicals will do very well as well as the tech in the environment that
the u would be more inducive by the monetary policy.

**主持人:**
所以您年初的判断是工业、金融和科技，现在科技股终于开始发力了。您继续认为，在货币政策更为有利的环境下，周期股和科技股都会有很好的表现。

## 关于特斯拉 (Tesla) 的深度分析

**Host:** Let let's move on to stack stock. I think uh in this audience
we have uh quite a lot of people who have been uh holding on to Tesla. I
think one of the uh uh uh lady here she has been owning the stock for 11
years and Tesla I think there's a lot of upside but also has a lot of
volatility and that reflects the risk. So if we look at the riskreward
of uh Tesla uh what is your assessment of the stock particularly given
that a lot of the locals here are interested in uh your view I I know
you don't talk about specific stocks but do you have any view? Yeah.

**主持人:**
让我们来谈谈具体的股票。我想在座的观众中，有很多人一直持有特斯拉。这里有位女士已经持有该股11年了。我认为特斯拉有很大的上行空间，但波动性也很大，这反映了其风险。从风险回报的角度看，您对特斯拉有何评估？尤其考虑到在座的本地投资者对您的看法很感兴趣。我知道您通常不谈论个股，但您有什么看法吗？

**Tom Lee:** Oh can I see if can you raise your hand if you own Tesla?
... Got it. So majority. ... Yeah. Well I think Tesla is one of the most
important stocks in the market. Um because not only because of what
Tesla does. Remember Tesla is making electric cars and they have a huge
advantage. I mean they completely changed the automotive industry. Not
just because they made batteries better. It's also because they've they
have expertise in manufacturing. Now manufacturing for cars is one of
the hardest things to do because of the supply chain. So if they can
dominate manufacturing of autos, Tesla will dominate whatever industry
requires manufacturing in the future. Okay, that's the way you should
think of it that they have intellectual property that allows them to
produce anything that the world makes at a lower cost. Like for
instance, if they decide to make smartphones, I would assume they could
actually be one of the most efficient producers of that. They have a
huge lead in AI now because of Twitter and their XAI. And with full
self-driving, it is strengthening the capabilities of their artificial
intelligence. They might even integrate Grock into that. And now they're
they have Optimus Prime in robots and they are by a country mile leading
in the US in terms of robots. There was companies like Boston Dynamics
that was working on these things a lot earlier and Tesla has already
surpassed them. So if you ask me Tesla represents a company that knows
how to take technology and then turn it into real world real world
products. But they're now at the intersection of everything that's
important because it is Tesla is linked to Starlink and to space and to
Neurolink and to the Boring Company all the things that Elon Elon Musk
is doing. And I think that that's the second part of the story that we
know if you look at the last, you know, hundred years, the stocks that
changed the world were really led by a founder that did see the world
differently. So I think Tesla, as long as Elon Musk is involved, is, you
know, one of the most important companies. So I think it's going to do
very well. It's also one of the granny shots in our ETF.

**Tom Lee:** 我能看看吗？如果你持有特斯拉，请举手。… 好的，大多数人。…
我认为特斯拉是市场上最重要的股票之一。这不仅是因为特斯拉所做的事情。记住，特斯拉制造电动汽车，并且拥有巨大优势，他们彻底改变了汽车行业。这不仅仅是因为他们改进了电池，还因为他们在制造业方面拥有专业知识。汽车制造业因其供应链的复杂性，是最难做的事情之一。如果他们能主导汽车制造业，那么未来任何需要制造业的行业，特斯拉都能主导。你应该这样看待它：他们拥有的知识产权，使他们能够以更低的成本生产世界上任何产品。比如，如果他们决定制造智能手机，我敢说他们能成为最高效的生产商之一。现在，由于Twitter和他们的xAI
(Elon Musk's AI company:
埃隆·马斯克的人工智能公司)，他们在人工智能领域也遥遥领先。随着全自动驾驶技术的发展，他们的人工智能能力正在不断增强，甚至可能将Grok
(AI model from xAI: xAI公司开发的人工智能模型)
集成进去。现在，他们又有了擎天柱（Optimus
Prime）机器人，并且在机器人领域遥遥领先于美国。像波士顿动力这样的公司虽然起步早得多，但特斯拉已经超越了他们。所以，在我看来，特斯拉代表了一家懂得如何将技术转化为现实世界产品的公司。他们现在正处于所有重要领域的交叉点，因为特斯拉与星链
(Starlink: SpaceX运营的卫星互联网项目)、太空探索、脑机接口 (Neurolink:
马斯克的神经科技公司) 以及隧道公司 (Boring Company:
马斯克的基础设施和隧道建设公司)——所有埃隆·马斯克正在做的事情都联系在一起。回顾过去一百年，那些改变世界的股票，都是由一位以不同视角看待世界的创始人领导的。所以，我认为只要埃隆·马斯克还在，特斯拉就是最重要的公司之一。我认为它会表现得非常好。它也是我们ETF中的“稳妥股”
(Granny Shots) 之一。

## 美国政府债务与财政赤字风险

**Host:** Okay. Well, I think that's a very good explanation about uh
Tesla. I'm sure you have a lot of questions after we go through uh the
list of questionnaires. So, let's talk a little bit about the the the US
government debt and the uh physical um uh deficit. I think the market
has become much more concerned about the US government debt servicing um
capability and I saying whether we look at uh government debt as a
percentage of GDP or fiscal deficit as a percentage of GDP it looks you
know pretty uh stretched. Do you think uh Trump can manage um the
current um you know physical uh issues? I know he's got uh uh uh Besset
to help him and he's a very experienced macro hedge fund manager. So how
we should look at understand the the physical uh situation and any
potential risk here?

**主持人:**
好的，我认为这是对特斯拉非常好的解释。我们过完问题清单后，相信大家还会有很多问题。现在，我们来谈谈美国政府的债务和财政赤字。我认为市场对美国政府的债务偿付能力越来越担忧。无论从政府债务占GDP的比例，还是财政赤字占GDP的比例来看，情况都相当紧张。您认为特朗普能处理好当前的财政问题吗？我知道他有贝赛特（Bessent）帮助他，他是一位经验丰富的宏观对冲基金经理。我们应该如何理解当前的财政状况以及其中潜在的风险？

**Tom Lee:** When you read the newspaper or you hear financial
commentators, a lot of people tell you the US is in trouble because of
the debt, the deficit and the US has unsustainable debt. And that's true
because we know the path for the US debt is unsustainable. But here's
the thing. When I started on Wall Street in the 90s, that's also what I
heard on Wall Street. I remember our economist and our bond heads of
fixed income saying the US is on an unsustainable path for debt. And
that was 35 years ago. So for the next 35 years, you're going to hear
the same thing. The US is on an uns unsustainable path of debt. Yet it's
probably not going to make a difference. That's my opinion. But I do
agree that we're in a very strange world because the US prints money and
they print a lot of dollars and yet the borrowing cost is really low.
It's very mysterious to me, but I don't think today's levels represent
any sort of break point. And here's a really simple way to think of it.
Um, one dollars is the reason people have used you know owned bonds
right and used the US economy and dollars are mostly used for
speculation. You know for every dollar of GDP activity that we have the
dollar is traded in oil bonds equities 400 times. So, as long as the US
is the most liquid economy in the world, we're going to print a lot of
dollars and interest rates are going to stay low. Um, and the second is
that as much as you hear stories that say the US is losing its
importance, so the rest of the world is becoming more dominant and
that's why the US is in trouble. One, again, I've heard that story for
35 years. Everyone's told me the US exceptionalism has been over and it
yet has never ended. If you look at the 25 largest companies in the
world, 21 of the 25 largest are in America. So just because US borrowing
costs might change, is Germany going to suddenly be the place where the
next Mag 7 comes? Like just because borrowing costs change in the US,
will Germany suddenly be the next Silicon Valley? I mean, if you believe
that, then you should bet against the US. I'm very skeptical of that.
So, I think it's you shouldn't make a portfolio decision thinking stocks
are going to fall because someone told you the US can't fund its
deficit.

**Tom Lee:**
当你读报纸或听金融评论员的分析时，很多人会告诉你美国因为债务和赤字陷入了麻烦，其债务是不可持续的。这没错，因为我们知道美国的债务路径是不可持续的。但问题是，当我90年代初入华尔街时，我听到的也是同样的话。我记得我们的经济学家和固收部门主管都说，美国的债务路径不可持续。那是35年前的事了。所以在接下来的35年里，你还会听到同样的话。然而，这可能并不会产生什么影响。这是我的看法。但我确实同意我们处在一个非常奇特的世界，因为美国可以印钱，印大量的美元，但其借贷成本却非常低。这对我来说很神秘，但我不认为目前的水平代表了任何形式的断裂点。这里有一个简单的思考方式。第一，美元是人们持有债券和使用美国经济的原因，而美元主要用于投机。你知道吗，每1美元的GDP活动，背后就有400倍的美元在石油、债券、股票中交易。所以，只要美国是世界上流动性最强的经济体，我们就会印很多美元，利率也会保持在低位。第二，尽管你总听到说美国正在失去其重要性，世界其他地方正在崛起，所以美国有麻烦了——这个故事我已经听了35年了。每个人都告诉我“美国例外论”已经结束，但它从未真正结束。看看全球最大的25家公司，其中21家都在美国。难道仅仅因为美国的借贷成本可能改变，德国就会突然成为下一个“七巨头”的诞生地吗？仅仅因为借贷成本变化，德国就会突然成为下一个硅谷吗？如果你相信这一点，那你就应该做空美国。我对此非常怀疑。所以，我认为你不应该因为有人告诉你美国无法为其赤字融资，就做出股市会下跌的投资组合决策。

## 加密货币：比特币与以太坊的未来

**Host:** You did mention that you were one of the first on Wall Street
to make a call on Bitcoin, but do you agree that Bitcoin, Ethereum,
these um cryptocurrencies will continue to do very well um uh for the
next couple of years?

**主持人:**
您曾提到您是华尔街最早看好比特币的人之一。您是否同意，比特币、以太坊这些加密货币在未来几年会继续表现优异？

**Tom Lee:** Yeah. I mean, I think Bitcoin is if you're buying Bitcoin
today, it's still early. I don't think it's too late. So if you have
zero exposure to Bitcoin and you feel like you missed it, 95% of
investors have zero Bitcoin exposure. So you're still way ahead if
you're buying Bitcoin today. If you look at Bitcoin wallets comparing it
to the internet, we're back to 1996 levels. Internet went exponential
from 1996. So it's still the earliest days. I think Bitcoin is very
useful because in the future we're not going to be able to trust
anything because cyber security there's nothing secure anymore. We can
uh sample your voice. I mean even someone takes our voice translates
into Korean using my voice. You'll never know what's true anymore. So
you need to be able to trust a system. The blockchain, the Bitcoin
blockchain is the most trusted blockchain and that's why the United
States wants to have a million Bitcoin. US companies are buying Bitcoin.
Banks will soon carry Bitcoin as collateral. But Ethereum is really
important, too. Did any of you buy the Circle IPO or own Circle? ...
Circle is a stable coin and they just went public 10 days ago at \$31.
It's now 242.

**Tom Lee:**
是的。我认为，如果你今天购买比特币，现在仍然是早期。我不觉得为时已晚。如果你对比特币没有任何敞口，并且感觉错过了机会，其实95%的投资者都没有比特币敞口。所以，你现在买入仍然遥遥领先。如果把比特币钱包的数量与互联网的发展做比较，我们现在正处于1996年的水平。互联网从1996年开始指数级增长。所以，现在仍是初期阶段。我认为比特币非常有用，因为在未来，我们将无法信任任何东西。网络安全已经荡然无存，我们可以采样你的声音，甚至有人可以拿我们的声音，用我的嗓音翻译成韩语，你将永远无法分辨真假。所以你需要一个可以信任的系统。区块链，尤其是比特币区块链，是最值得信赖的区块链，这就是为什么美国政府想要拥有一百万个比特币。美国公司正在购买比特币，银行很快也会将比特币作为抵押品。但以太坊也非常重要。你们有人参与Circle的IPO
(Stablecoin company's initial public offering:
稳定币公司Circle的首次公开募股) 或者持有Circle吗？… Circle是一种稳定币
(Stablecoin:
一种价值与某种稳定资产，如美元，挂钩的加密货币)，它10天前刚上市，发行价31美元，现在是242美元。

**Host:** What is the ticker code?

**主持人:** 它的股票代码是什么？

**Tom Lee:** C R L C L. Circle is a stable coin. It's the second
largest. Stable coins are being pushed by the United States government.
Here's the thing. Circle runs on Ethereum. Stable coins run on Ethereum.
So as stable coins explode, Ethereum is the backbone for stable coins.
So I think Ethereum is going to make a big comeback as well. So I think
those two are useful. And then Salana I like, but it it's not nearly as
used as um Ethereum.

**Tom Lee:**
CRCL。Circle是第二大稳定币。美国政府正在推动稳定币的发展。关键在于，Circle运行在以太坊上。稳定币运行在以太坊上。所以，随着稳定币的爆发式增长，以太坊作为其骨干网络，我认为它也将迎来大的回归。所以，我认为比特币和以太坊都很有用。另外我也喜欢Solana
(A specific blockchain platform:
一个知名的区块链平台，以高速度和低交易成本著称)，但它的使用广泛程度远不及以太坊。

## 核能主题与电力需求

**Host:** Thank you. Um I think if we um move on to the topic of the uh
nuclear scenes, I think that's one of the very interesting themes. Uh
also I think that local investors here are getting more uh familiar
with. I think there's a lot of investment money spent on uh building
data centers. Do you think this um need for electricity power generation
uh and supported by the nuclear power plant that that's a very long-term
scene? Definitely for now nuclear is very efficient and uh nuclear has
what I consider an arbitrage benefit at the moment because as you know
prior to 2024 countries were trying to dismantle their nuclear power
plants. So, you know, Germany closed all of its nuclear power plants.
And I remembered thinking what a mistake that would be because nuclear
is quite clean, but it got a bad reputation because of Fukushima and
also e the ESG movement, environmental, social governance. Um, and as a
result like the intellectual property of nuclear power has been lost.
you know, people left. It's hard to restart reactors. There's a shortage
of talent. So, that that's like the arbitrage because whoever's creating
nuclear can charge a lot of money because no one knows how to do it
anymore. I think that is like makes sense as it's an investment theme,
but there's going to be no Elon Musk of nuclear. Just keep that in mind.
Like, you know what I mean? And um so they won't do as well and rerate
the way Tesla or Palanteer have moved. It's going to be popular and
people will trade it. The other thing is there is going to be a big
incentive for innovation and power for the next 20 years. That's where
money's going to be made because what if someone develops a technology
to cut data centers heat by 80%. Or if someone figures out a way to
power chips with 80% less power, that company is going to be the big
company, right? But then it's going to make nuclear and solar and oil
less valuable, right?

**主持人:**
谢谢。我们来谈谈核能主题，这是一个非常有趣的主题，本地投资者也越来越熟悉。大量投资正用于建设数据中心。您认为这种由核电站支持的电力需求是一个非常长期的主题吗？

**Tom Lee:**
目前来看，核能无疑是非常高效的。而且，我认为核能目前存在一种套利优势。因为在2024年之前，各国都在试图拆除核电站，比如德国就关闭了所有核电站。我当时就觉得这是个错误，因为核能相当清洁，但因为福岛核事故和ESG
(环境、社会和治理: 一种关注企业非财务表现的投资理念)
运动而声名狼藉。结果是，核能的知识产权流失了，人才离开了，重启反应堆变得困难，人才出现短缺。这就是套利机会所在，因为现在谁能搞核能，谁就能收取高价，因为没人知道该怎么做了。所以，作为一个投资主题，这是说得通的。但请记住，核能领域不会出现埃隆·马斯克式的人物。所以，这个领域的公司不会像特斯拉或Palantir
(A data analytics company: 一家专注于大数据分析的软件公司)
那样获得巨大的估值重估。它会很受欢迎，人们会交易它。另一件事是，在未来20年，电力领域的创新将有巨大的激励。那才是真正能赚钱的地方。比如，如果有人开发出能将数据中心热量降低80%的技术，或者有人能让芯片功耗降低80%，那家公司就会成为巨头，对吧？但那样一来，核能、太阳能和石油的价值就会降低了，对吗？

## 关于 "Granny Shots" ETF

**Host:** So let's talk about the Granny Shot ETF which I think uh was
launched by your company Funstrat. Tell us a little bit about this
products. Uh why we should uh take a closer look at this? How the
performance has been? Uh can you give us some tips? What's the best way
to um invest trade this um ETF?

**主持人:** 让我们来谈谈“Granny Shot ETF” (Fundstrat's ETF product:
Fundstrat公司推出的一个ETF产品，意为“奶奶也能投的稳妥股”)，这是由您的公司Fundstrat推出的。请给我们介绍一下这个产品，我们为什么应该关注它？它的表现如何？您能给些投资或交易这个ETF的建议吗？

**Tom Lee:** Well, the Granny Shots ETF is Funstrat's research
portfolio. If you want to buy our best ideas, um, in one ETF, you have
our 35 best stock ideas. We made this available to the public in
November 2024, and in 6 months, it raised \$1.2 2 billion which is the
fastest ETF to reach a billion for an equity ETF in over 20 years. Now
the reason investors want to have exposure to Granny Shots ETF is that
it's our research portfolio which we made only available to our clients
since 2019. So for fun struck clients for six years they had access to
this stock list and then we now make it available for everyone to own.
This year Granny Shots is up about 9%. Now that's only owning US stocks.
As you know Mag 7 is flat has 0% growth. Uh the triple Q's are up like
4%. So, Granny Shots is outperforming the broad market and it's
outperforming technology. Morning Star ranks it in the 4 percentile year
to date. So, it's beating 96% of funds and in the last 3 months it is in
the 1 percentile. We are beating 99% of funds for the last three months.
Granny shots. Think of it as owning the 35 companies that really drive
earnings growth in the S&P 500. So, we're take we're saying you don't
need to own 500 stocks. You can own 35 and not own the other 465. And
so, I don't think it should replace your Palanteer or your Tesla, but if
you want to have country exposure to the US, this is one way to do it.

**Tom Lee:** Granny Shots
ETF是Fundstrat的研究投资组合。如果你想通过一个ETF买入我们最好的投资理念，这里面有我们精选的35只股票。我们在2024年11月向公众推出，仅6个月就募集了12亿美元，是20多年来最快达到10亿美元规模的股票ETF。投资者之所以想配置这个ETF，是因为它源于我们自2019年起就只向我们客户提供的研究组合。我们的客户在过去六年里一直能接触到这个股票列表，现在我们让所有人都能拥有它。今年Granny
Shots上涨了约9%。这还只是持有美股的成绩。要知道，“七巨头”基本持平，零增长，而QQQ（纳斯达克100指数ETF）大约上涨了4%。所以，Granny
Shots的表现跑赢了大盘，也跑赢了科技板块。晨星（Morning
Star）公司将它今年以来的表现排在第4百分位，意味着它跑赢了96%的基金。在过去三个月，它更是排在第1百分位，我们跑赢了99%的基金。你可以把Granny
Shots看作是持有那35家真正驱动标普500指数盈利增长的公司。我们的意思是，你不需要持有500只股票，你只需要持有这35只，而不用持有另外465只。所以，我不认为它应该取代你持有的Palantir或特斯拉，但如果你想获得对美国市场的国家级敞口，这是一个很好的方式。

## 问答环节

**Host:** So it's the best way to pick the brain of Tom Lee and your
team, right? So and performance has been very solid. Congratulations. So
the liquidity wise is pretty um you know,

**主持人:**
所以这是获取您和您团队智慧结晶的最佳方式，对吗？而且业绩一直非常稳健，恭喜您。流动性方面也相当不错，是吗？

**Tom Lee:** yeah, it trades a million shares a day. So it's also one of
the most liquid ETFs out there.

**Tom Lee:**
是的，它每天的交易量达到一百万股，也是市场上流动性最好的ETF之一。

**Host:** Okay. Wow. And they have options on Granny Shots. So if you
wanted leverage, you can buy call options instead.

**主持人:** 好的。哇。而且Granny
Shots还有期权交易。所以如果你想加杠杆，可以买入看涨期权。

**Tom Lee:** Well uh we continue to look for uh excellent uh
performance. Okay. So that covers uh the 10 questions we have prepared.
So I would like to open up the floor for a question from the audience.
... Heat. ... Hey, Heat.

**Tom Lee:**
我们将继续追求卓越的业绩。好的，以上就是我们准备的10个问题。现在，我把时间交给现场观众提问。…
Heat。… 你好，Heat。
