---
title: "美国债务深度分析：多少才算太多？"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: ""
  guest: "" 
  source: ""
---

<div class="container">

# 美国债务深度分析：多少才算太多？

文件来源：America’s debt How much is too much About That \[English
(auto-generated)\]

<div class="report-meta">

<span id="stats-cn">总字数：约 3100 字 \| 预计阅读时间：约 10
分钟</span> <span id="stats-en" style="display:none;">Word Count:
Approx. 1800 words \| Estimated Reading Time: Approx. 9 minutes</span>



<div class="lang-toggle">

简体中文

English



<div id="toc-container" class="toc">

### 内容目录



<div id="content-cn" class="lang-section active">

## 引言：为何国家债务问题引发普遍担忧？

如今，在美国的新闻频道中，几乎无时无刻不充斥着关于国家债务的讨论。这个债务规模庞大，实际上是巨额的。然而，这并非一个新问题，美国长期以来一直深陷债务。那么，为何最近记者、投资者、政治家和经济学家们似乎都开始感到恐慌？

首先，一个关键因素是特朗普总统提出的一项法案，该法案在众议院以极其微弱的优势通过，被其支持者称为“宏伟而美好的法案”。支持者称，这项正在国会审议的法案重塑了边境安全和移民政策，并引入了全面的减税措施。但一个巨大的负面影响是，这些措施都非常昂贵。总体而言，国会预算办公室（CBO）<span class="term-def">CBO：美国国会的无党派联邦机构，负责向国会提供预算和经济信息。</span>预测，在未来十年内，该法案可能使联邦债务额外增加2.8万亿美元。这是一个天文数字。

公平地说，增加国家债务是美国总统长期以来的“传统”，将债务规模完全归咎于特朗普一人显然是不公允的。但他确实曾花费大量时间反复承诺不会让问题恶化。他曾表示：“我们会用比特币来清偿我们35万亿美元的债务”、“用数万亿美元来减税并偿还我们的国债”、“我真的想赚很多钱，还清债务”。然而，如果政府自己的数据分析机构都指出特朗普的计划将使债务负担增加数万亿美元，那么问题就显得尤为突出。

一位经济学家指出：“许多人没有意识到的是，即使按照现行法律，相对于经济规模，我们的债务已经处于一个爆炸性增长的轨道上。毫无疑问，美国正走在一条不可持续的道路上。”

因此，一个价值万亿的问题摆在面前：这一切何时会从一个遥远的、抽象的数学难题，演变成每个人的现实问题？

## 债务的规模与历史背景

我们来看一下美国的实时国家债务时钟。截至本次记录，债务总额已超过36万亿美元。其中一部分是在政府机构之间交换的债务，但绝大部分是面向公众的真实债务。理论上，如果每个美国人都拿出10万美元，这笔债务就能轻易偿还。但从历史背景看，目前的债务大约是十年前的两倍。

对此，共和党和民主党都负有责任，尽管某些时期的责任更大。即使撇开疫情不谈，过去20年左右的所有美国总统都造成了严重的财政赤字。将这些累积起来，就形成了如今约30多万亿美元的债务规模。

## 关键指标：债务与GDP之比

然而，仅凭债务总额并不能证明问题已经存在。因为，这听起来可能有些疯狂，我们尚未确定30万亿美元是否是一个特别庞大的数字。我们可以通过考察美国的债务与GDP之比<span class="term-def">债务与GDP之比：衡量一国政府总债务与其国内生产总值（GDP）的比例，是评估其偿债能力的关键指标。</span>来弄清楚这一点。简单来说，如果我欠朋友100美元，这笔债务是可控还是灾难性的，完全取决于我一年的收入。如果我失业了，100美元可能是一笔我无力承担的开支；但如果我是亿万富翁，那就无足轻重了。

事实上，美国是一个“万亿富翁”。凭借其庞大的经济体量，美国经济可以承受惊人数量的债务，但并非无限。目前，美国需要偿还给公众的债务略高于其一年的产出，即超过其GDP的100%。这意味着其债务规模与国家全年的产出相当。这已经达到了第二次世界大战时期的水平。然而，区别在于，21世纪的美国并没有世界大战，也没有花费巨资重建欧洲。

正如一位专家所言：

> 20世纪与21世纪美国的区别在于，当我们在20世纪遇到紧急情况后，我们会进行清理，将债务降下来。比如二战后债务水平下降了。但在21世纪，大衰退使债务占GDP比重从30%升至70%，疫情期间又从70%升至100%，却没有人去解决任何问题。

## 临界点：何时会失控？

那么，这个大问题何时会真正演变成大麻烦？如果美国目前的债务与GDP之比为100%，是否存在一个更高的数字，一个无法再继续借贷和维持现状的临界点？

就像所有金融问题一样，并不存在一个瞬间的“开关”，让美国财政突然崩溃成一个黑洞。但是，175%——这是我们采访的经济学家认为情况可能开始严重恶化的点。其理论是，当债务达到这一水平时，政府每年需要支付的利息相对于其可用支出来说可能已经过高，以至于无法通过足够快的增税或足够深的削减开支来维持运转。

这正是2010年代初希腊所经历的。希腊的债务激增至GDP的175%以上。为了避免违约，政府被迫削减基本服务并提高税收。经济陷入深度衰退，普通民众付出了代价，面临养老金削减和大规模失业，社会充满了愤怒。当时报道称：“希腊人对这些要求表现出反抗和愤怒。现在，他们中的一些人听起来已经非常害怕了。”一位男士表示：“我担心更糟糕的日子会到来，更加艰难的日子。”希腊花了数年时间才使经济重回增长轨道。

需要明确的是，美国目前远未达到那个地步，但其发展轨迹正在加速。根据无党派政策团体“尽责联邦预算委员会”（Committee
for a Responsible Federal
Budget）的一项估算，如果特朗普兑现其竞选期间承诺的所有措施，美国的债务与GDP之比可能在短短10年内上升至143%。这还是他们的保守估计。在最坏的情况下，他们认为该比例可能高达161%。

他们的估算并非孤例。美国政府自己的国会预算办公室进行了更长远的模型预测，指出如果特朗普的所有减税政策都永久化，到2047年，美国债务可能达到GDP的200%，到2054年达到250%。一位专家评论道：“仅凭这项立法，未来30年内我们的总债务负担就将翻倍。因此，这是我们总债务负担的一次非常显著的增加。”

## 投资者信心的关键作用

问题在于，资产负债表甚至不需要变得那么糟糕，实际问题就会浮现。真正需要的只是投资者对政府失去控制局面的信心。

> 一旦资本市场不再相信国会能够整顿其财政，坦白说，情况可能明天就会崩溃。

购买美国政府债务被视为世界上最安全的投资之一，因为美国总是按时足额偿还债务。事实上，当美国通过发行债券并向投资者支付利息来偿还债务时，投资者会将该债券利率称为“无风险利率”<span class="term-def">无风险利率：理论上不存在任何风险的投资回报率，通常以美国国债利率为基准。</span>。这意味着，它虽然不是世界上回报最高的投资，但几乎是绝对有保障的。

那么，如果投资者开始担心美国政府可能没有理清其财政状况，会发生什么？如果投资美国债务不再是完全无风险的呢？一位专家强调：“关键的一天是他们对美国及时偿还能力失去信心的那一天。如果他们失去信心，他们就会开始提高向美国收取的利率，以补偿我们不还款的风险，或者他们会完全切断对你的融资。”

这一点至关重要，因为它可能使糟糕的状况进一步恶化。投资风险越高，偿还成本就可能变得越昂贵。各种因素，从关税到通货膨胀，再到美国政策的高度易变性，都会被计入其中。正如一位市场评论员所言：“债券市场最近几天出现了巨大波动。债务、赤字和关税导致收益率曲线陡峭化……有很多指标让债券市场感到紧张。”另一位专家补充说：“风险不在于国债不会被偿付，而在于随着你关注利率，利率将不得不更高，因为人们会要求更高的利率才愿意持有如此多的美国债务。”

而这些更高的利率可能会迅速滚雪球。根据摩根大通的数据，如果债券利率仅上升1%，美国每年就必须向其债务持有人多支付3000亿美元的利息。这还不包括它每年已经支付的1.1万亿美元利息。再加上特朗普法案预计每年新增的1000亿美元利息，你就能明白为什么有些人开始感到紧张了。

> 我们总是担心不负责任的年轻人会拿到信用卡后刷爆，然后不得不办一张新信用卡来偿还旧卡的欠款。去年，美国借了1.8万亿美元，其中超过1万亿美元是用来支付先前借款的利息。所以，我们已经非常接近那个你可能需要非常担心的时刻了。这些事情可能会失控，而这正是最大的风险。

这种风险现在也引起了信用评级机构的警惕。就在几周前，穆迪（Moody's）剥夺了美国最后一个最高级别的信用评级。他们写道，其决定是“因为十多年来政府债务和利息支付比率的增加，已达到显著高于类似评级主权国家的水平”。他们明确指出：“你们的债务太多，需要支付的利息也太多。你们有问题。”这更令人警醒。

## 对普通民众的实际影响

然而，所有这些听起来仍然相当抽象。你可能会问：“好吧，但这如何影响普通人？”

完全可以理解，美国政府的财政健康状况可能不是普通美国人每天早上醒来首先思考的问题。但华盛顿发生的事情并不会仅限于华盛顿。例如，债券利率不仅影响投资者或美国政府支付给投资者的成本，它也被视为抵押贷款利率、汽车贷款、商业贷款和信用卡利率的基准。如果债券利率上升，所有这些利率通常也会随之上升。

一位专家解释说：“这才是真正的问题所在。你可以想象抵押贷款利率持续保持高位，这意味着客户的成本更高。当你试图申请汽车贷款时，你将多支付数千美元；当你试图申请小企业贷款创业时，你也将多支付数千美元。所有这些都会在实体经济中产生反响，以家庭能够感受到的、非常有意义的方式。”

此外，还有一个简单的事实：美国用于支付债务利息的每一美元，都是无法用于其他地方的一美元。目前，利息支付约占联邦预算的14%，这比美国在国防上的支出还要多。按照目前的发展趋势，债务利息最终成为比社会保障或医疗保健更昂贵的支出项目也并非不可能。

> 你正在挤占需要进行的重要投资，因为你占用了大量的财政空间。如果一切都被挤压，当出现问题时——当世界突然面临另一场大流行、战争或全球衰退时，我们将没有能力从财政角度以同样多的精力和活力来应对，因为大部分空间已经被占用了。一旦你陷入债务危机，你就无法通过发行新债来摆脱困境。

## 政治方案与经济辩论

现在，有一些共和党人声称，特朗普的“宏伟而美好的法案”实际上有助于解决债务问题。他们认为，像促进能源生产、放松管制、裁撤整个政府部门等措施，将刺激经济增长并扩大税基。再加上关税收入，他们认为这足以抵消特朗普法案中所有的新增支出，并使美国在未来几年走上3%的增长轨道。

但并非所有人都认同这一观点。一位经济学家评论道：

> 白宫发布的、暗示这项减税可以自我支付的计算，基本上是虚构的作品。它们背后没有任何模型支持。我回去查了一下，预测连续十年实现3%的增长，在美国历史上只有六个季度这是一个好的预测，而且都发生在20世纪，21世纪一个也没有。所以，我认为任何人都不应该指望这一点。

另一位专家补充说：“要改变一个经济体的增长率是非常困难的。在十年内平均将其增长率提高0.3个百分点，就是巨大的成功。提高整整一个百分点，是无法想象的。”

事实上，包括美国政府国会预算办公室在内的一系列无党派分析师都认为，在几乎任何现实模型下，美国债务都处于急剧上升的轨道上。

## 结论：危机来临之前的时间窗口

那么，底线是什么？几乎所有人都同意，目前美国仍有时间改变航向。但是，正如一位经济学家所警告的，债务危机的发生是“缓慢的，然后是瞬间爆发的”。而当那一刻到来时，每一种解决方案都将是痛苦的。



<div id="content-en" class="lang-section">

## Introduction: Why the National Debt is a Growing Concern

It's hard to turn on a U.S. news channel these days without hearing
someone refer to the national debt. The scale of the debt is immense;
massive, actually. But it's not a new problem, right? The U.S. has been
deep in debt for a while now. So why, all of a sudden, does it feel like
everyone's getting a little panicky? Journalists, investors,
politicians, economists.

Well, for starters, there's this: President Trump's "one big beautiful
bill" passing in the House by the slimmest of margins. Supporters say
that bill, making its way through Congress right now, reimagines border
security and immigration, and introduces sweeping tax cuts. But one big
downside is that these things are expensive. Overall, the Congressional
Budget Office (CBO)<span class="term-def">CBO: Congressional Budget
Office, a nonpartisan federal agency that provides budget and economic
information to the U.S. Congress.</span> projects it could add an extra
\$2.8 trillion to the federal debt over the next decade. It's an
astronomically large sum.

To be fair, there is a long presidential tradition of adding to the
country's debt, and you certainly can't blame the size of the debt on
Trump alone. But he did spend an awful lot of time swearing up and down
that he wouldn't make the problem worse. He had said: "We'll hand him a
little Bitcoin and wipe out our \$35 trillion," "Use trillions and
trillions of dollars to reduce our taxes and pay down our national
debt," and "I want to really make a lot of money, pay off debt." Yet, if
the government's own number crunchers say Trump's plan will add
trillions to the debt load, the issue becomes particularly pronounced.

One economist noted, "What a lot of people don't realize is that even
under current law, we're on this exploding path of debt relative to the
size of the economy. There's no question the United States is on a
trajectory that's unsustainable."

So, here's the trillion-dollar question: When does all of this go from
just some mathy, abstract worry years off in the future to becoming
everyone's problem?

## The Scale and Historical Context of the Debt

Here's a look at the running national debt clock in the U.S. As of this
recording, it's just over \$36 trillion. Some of that is debt that gets
swapped between governmental agencies, but the vast majority of that is
real, public-facing debt. Theoretically, it could be easily paid off if
every single American would just contribute \$100,000. But for context,
the debt is about double what it was just 10 years ago.

You can blame both Republicans and Democrats for that, and yes, some
more than others. Even setting the pandemic aside, consistently all
American presidents in the last 20 or so years have spent deep into the
red. Add that all together, and that's how you get to 30 or so trillion.

## The Key Metric: Debt-to-GDP Ratio

But this alone isn't proof that there's a problem because, and this will
sound crazy, we haven't yet established whether \$30 trillion is a
particularly big number. We can figure that out by examining the U.S.
debt-to-GDP ratio<span class="term-def">Debt-to-GDP Ratio: A measure of
a country's total government debt relative to its gross domestic product
(GDP), used to assess its ability to pay back its debts.</span>. To put
it really simply, if I owe my friend a hundred bucks, what makes that
debt fine or catastrophic really depends on how much money I make in a
year. If I'm between jobs, that \$100 is an expense I might not be able
to afford. But if I'm a billionaire, then it is of little consequence.

And the U.S. is actually a "trillionaire." The U.S. economy, by virtue
of its size, can tolerate a surprising amount of debt, but not
unlimited. Right now, the debt it has to eventually pay back to the
public is just over what the U.S. makes in a year, just over 100% of its
GDP, meaning its debt pile is the same size as the country's entire
annual output. That is second World War level debt. Except, in the 21st
century, there's no world war and the U.S. isn't spending a whole bunch
of money to rebuild Europe.

As one expert put it:

> The difference between the 21st century in the U.S. and the 20th
> century is when we had an emergency in the 20th century, we cleaned up
> afterwards. We brought the debt back down. So we have World War II, it
> came back down. In the 21st century, you know, the Great Recession, it
> goes from 30 to 70. The pandemic goes from 70 to 100, and no one fixes
> anything.

## The Tipping Point: When Does It Unravel?

So when does this big issue start actually becoming a big problem? If
the U.S. is at a 100% debt-to-GDP ratio, is there a higher number, a
tipping point where you can't just keep borrowing and carrying on?

Well, like all things finance, there's no light-switch moment where
suddenly U.S. finances collapse into a black hole. But 175%—that is,
according to the economist we spoke to, when things might start to
unravel in a serious way. The thinking being, at that level, the
interest payments on your debt are likely so high relative to what you
have to spend each year as a government that you simply can't raise
taxes fast enough or cut spending deep enough to stay afloat.

That's what happened to Greece in the early 2010s. Greek debt ballooned
past 175% of GDP. And in order to avoid defaults, the government was
forced to cut essential services and raise taxes. The economy collapsed
into a deep recession, and regular people paid the price with pension
cuts and mass unemployment, all blanketed in anger. Reports at the time
stated, "Greeks were defiant and angry over such demands. Now some of
them are sounding just plain scared." One man said, "I'm afraid that
worse days will come, much more difficult days." And it took years for
them to get back to the point where the economy was growing again.

To be clear, the U.S. is nowhere near that point right now, but the
trajectory is accelerating. According to one estimate by the Committee
for a Responsible Federal Budget, a nonpartisan policy group, if Trump
were to deliver on all of the measures he promised during his
presidential campaign, the debt-to-GDP ratio could rise to 143% in just
10 years. And that's their conservative estimate. Worst case, they
figure it could rise as high as 161%.

And their estimates are not unique. The U.S. government's own
Congressional Budget Office modeled even further ahead, projecting if
all Trump's tax cuts were to be made permanent, U.S. debt could reach
200% of GDP by 2047 and 250% by 2054. An expert commented, "So it would
literally double over the course of the next 30 years just from this
legislation alone. So, this is a very significant increase in our
aggregate debt burden."

## The Critical Role of Investor Confidence

The thing is, the balance sheet doesn't even need to get that bad for
real problems to show up. All it really takes is for investors to lose
faith that the government has things under control.

> Once capital markets stop believing that Congress will ever get its
> act together, I mean, literally things could unravel tomorrow.

Buying U.S. government debt is seen as one of the safest investments in
the world because the U.S. has always paid its debts on time and in
full. In fact, when the U.S. pays its debt by issuing bonds and then by
paying investors an interest rate, you'll hear investors referring to
that bond rate as the "risk-free rate"<span class="term-def">Risk-free
Rate: The theoretical rate of return of an investment with zero risk,
often benchmarked against U.S. Treasury securities.</span>. Meaning,
it's not the biggest return on investment in the world, but it's just
about guaranteed.

So, what happens if investors start to worry that maybe the U.S.
government doesn't have its fiscal house in order? What if investing in
U.S. debt isn't completely risk-free? An expert emphasized, "The crucial
day is the day they lose confidence in the ability of the United States
to repay in a timely fashion. And if they lose faith in that, they start
jacking up the interest rates that they charge the U.S. as compensation
for the risk we don't pay back, or they cut you off entirely."

And that's important because that's where a bad situation can turn
worse. The riskier the investment, the more expensive it can become to
pay back. All kinds of factors, from tariffs to inflation to how highly
changeable U.S. policy can be, all get baked in. As one market
commentator noted, "Bonds have had a huge move the last few days. Debt,
deficits, and tariffs, curves steepening... There are a lot of
indicators out there that make the bond market a little nervous."
Another expert added, "The risks aren't that treasuries aren't going to
be paid out. The risks are more that as you look at interest rates,
they're going to have to be higher because people are going to demand
higher interest rates to be willing to hold so much U.S. debt."

And those higher interest rates can snowball real fast. According to JP
Morgan, if bond rates rise by just 1%, the U.S. would have to pay \$300
billion more in interest to its debt holders every year. That's on top
of the \$1.1 trillion it's already paying in interest every year. And
then once you throw in the extra hundred billion in interest that
Trump's bill is projected to add annually, you can start to see why some
people are getting nervous.

> The thing that we always worry about with irresponsible youth is you
> give them a credit card, they run up a bill, and now they have to get
> a new credit card to pay off the old credit card. Well, the U.S.
> borrowed \$1.8 trillion last year, and over a trillion of it was to
> pay interest on previous borrowing. So, we are perilously close to the
> moment when you might want to worry a lot. These things can spiral out
> of control, and that's kind of the big risk.

That risk now has credit agencies on alert, too. Just a few weeks ago,
Moody's stripped the U.S. of the very last of its highest-tier credit
ratings. Their decision, they wrote, was because of "the increase over
more than a decade in government debt and interest payment ratios to
levels that are significantly higher than similarly rated sovereigns."
They said, "You have too much debt and you have to pay too much
interest. You have a problem." That is more alarming.

## The Real-World Impact on Regular People

But all of this is still pretty abstract, right? You might be wondering,
"Okay, but how does this affect regular people?"

It's totally understandable that the financial health of the U.S.
government may not be the first thing everyday Americans wake up each
morning and dwell upon. But what happens in Washington doesn't stay in
Washington. The bond rate, for example, doesn't just affect investors or
how expensive it is for the U.S. government to pay those investors. It's
also considered the baseline for mortgage rates, auto loans, business
loans, and credit card rates. If bond rates go up, often so too do all
of those.

An expert explained, "That's going to be the real problem. You can
imagine mortgage rates persisting at high returns, and therefore higher
cost to customers. It means that you're going to pay thousands of
dollars more when you try to take out a car loan or it means you're
going to pay thousands of dollars more when you try to take out a small
business loan to start your small business. So all of this reverberates
in the real economy in ways that households can feel in super meaningful
ways."

And then there's the simple fact that every dollar the U.S. pays in
interest on debt is a dollar not spent on something else. Right now,
interest payments make up about 14% of the federal budget. That's more
than what the U.S. spends on national defense. And the way this is all
going, it's not out of the question for interest on debt to eventually
become a more expensive line item than social security or healthcare,
too.

> You are crowding out important investments that need to happen by
> taking up a lot of fiscal space. And if everything gets squeezed, what
> happens when something goes wrong? When the world is suddenly face to
> face with another pandemic or war or global recession, we're not going
> to have the capacity to respond with as much energy and as much vigor
> from a fiscal perspective because a bunch of that space has kind of
> been taken up. Once you have a debt crisis, you can't issue new debt
> to get out of that.

## Political Solutions and Economic Debates

Now, there are Republicans who claim Trump's "great big beautiful bill"
actually helps solve the debt problem. The way they see it, things like
boosting energy production, deregulation, and cutting entire government
departments will kickstart growth and expand the tax base. Then throw
revenue from tariffs into the mix, and they argue that should be enough
to offset all the new spending in Trump's bill and put the U.S. on a
trajectory of 3% growth for the next few years.

But not everyone's buying it. An economist commented:

> The calculations that are released by the White House suggesting that
> this tax cut could pay for itself are essentially a work of fiction.
> They don't have any model behind them. I went back and looked and
> forecasting 10 straight years of 3 percentage point growth... There
> were only six quarters in the history of the U.S. when that was a good
> forecast. They all occurred in the 20th century. None of them happened
> in the 21st century. So it's not something I think anyone should count
> on.

Another expert added, "It's hard to move the growth rate of an economy.
Moving it by 3/10ths of a percent on average over 10 years is a huge
success. A full percentage point is unimaginable."

In fact, a range of nonpartisan analysts, including the U.S.
government's Congressional Budget Office, have argued that under almost
any realistic model, the U.S. debt is on a sharp upwards trajectory.

## Conclusion: The Window Before the Crisis

So, what's the bottom line? Pretty much everyone agrees: right now,
America still has time to change course. But, as one economist told us,
debt crises happen slowly, and then all at once. And when that happens,
every solution is painful.



一键复制为 Markdown
