---
title: "每周市场回顾：2025年7月12日"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-12"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "未指定"
  guest: "无" 
  source: ""
---



# 每周市场回顾：2025年7月12日

## 开场综述

**Narrator:** Hello my friends. Today is July 12th and this is Markets
Weekly. Now this past week looking at the broad equity indexes, it
looked kind of boring actually. I got the sense that they looked like
they were somewhat pinned. However, there were a lot of price movements
in other markets and of course a lot of news flow. So today let's talk
about three things. First off, we have to talk about the return of
tariffs because they are back in a big way. Secondly, what caught my eye
the past week was the breakout in silver. So, let's talk about how
silver is the original memecoin. And lastly, it looks like Trump allies
are having a new attack line on Jerome Powell trying to force him to
resign. So, let's see what's happening over there.

**讲述者:**
朋友们好。今天是7月12日，欢迎收看《每周市场》。回顾过去一周，各大股指的走势看起来相当平淡。我感觉它们似乎被某种力量钉住了。然而，在其他市场中却出现了大量的价格波动，当然也有很多新闻。所以今天，我们来谈谈三件事。首先，我们必须讨论关税的回归，因为它们以一种非常强势的方式卷土重来。其次，过去一周吸引我注意的是白银价格的突破。因此，我们来聊聊为什么说白银是最初的“模因币”（Memecoin）。最后，特朗普的盟友们似乎正在对杰罗姆·鲍威尔（Jerome
Powell）发起新一轮的攻击，试图迫使他辞职。让我们看看那边发生了什么。

## 一、关税风云再起

**Narrator:** All right, starting with tariffs. So, last week we were
speculating as to what the president would focus on now. Over the past 6
months, and it's only been 6 months, a lot has happened. Now, the
president passed his signature big beautiful bill. He's also stopped war
between India and Pakistan, caused a temporary truce in the Middle East
and of course upended global trade post liberation day. So heading into
this week early on he had announcement that the July 9th deadline for
tariffs would be pushed to August 1st. So on the surface it looked like
he was again tacking but what actually happened in the following days
was pretty surprising. Afterwards, the president sent out a series of
letters to to many countries telling them that, hey, starting on August
1st, your new tariff rate will be this. Now, the new tariff rates were
anything but tackling. When you look at a chart of Liberation Day
tariffs and compare them to the new letters the countries are receiving,
it looks like for many countries, their tariff rates are going to go
back to Liberation Day levels. Sometimes a little bit higher, sometimes
a little bit lower. So it seems like a tremendous escalation in tariff
rates for many countries.

**讲述者:**
好的，我们从关税开始。上周我们还在猜测总统现在会关注什么。在过去的六个月里——仅仅六个月——发生了很多事。总统通过了他标志性的“伟大而美丽的法案”，他还阻止了印度和巴基斯坦之间的战争，促成了中东的临时休战，当然，还在“解放日”之后颠覆了全球贸易。本周早些时候，他宣布原定于7月9日的关税最后期限将推迟到8月1日。表面上看，他似乎又在调整策略，但随后几天发生的事情却相当令人惊讶。总统向许多国家发出了一系列信函，告知他们从8月1日起将适用新的关税税率。这些新税率绝非温和。当你将“解放日”时期的关税与各国收到的新信函进行比较时，你会发现许多国家的关税税率将回到“解放日”的水平，有时略高，有时略低。这看起来是对许多国家关税税率的一次巨大提升。

**Narrator:** Now the markets didn't really react to this at all. Again,
it's hard to see what drives prices. It could be underlying pinning. Uh
it could be that many people are just very complacent thinking that the
president is just going to U-turn on this because of course he has done
so many times in the past. Uh this time around the tariffs are a bit
more than they did in April 1st, though. Uh they're more in a couple
ways. First off, we have new countries receiving letters that weren't
touched on April 1st and also we have new sectors receiving tariffs.

**讲述者:**
然而，市场对此几乎没有反应。同样，我们很难看清是什么在驱动价格，可能是潜在的钉住效应，也可能是许多人非常自满，认为总统最终会像过去多次那样再次掉头。不过，这次的关税措施比4月1日时要更进一步。这体现在几个方面：首先，一些在4月1日未被波及的新国家收到了信函；其次，新的行业也被征收了关税。

### 新战线：巴西、加拿大与铜

**Narrator:** Looking at the new countries, what stood out the past week
was of course Brazil and Canada receiving tariffs. Brazil was not
included in Liberation Day and for good reason. The US runs a trade
surplus with Brazil. So, uh, from the White House's perspective, we are
winning on trade there. But the president's logic specifically notes
that Brazil has been treating his friend, former president Jair
Bolsonaro, you know, very poorly and so he's tariffing them. So it's
basically a tool of political change or political coercion so forth. So
it's a new use of the tariff tool. Probably won't stand up in court. I
don't know if it's going to be challenged, but it does expand the
horizons that the president is willing to use uh with his tariff power.

**讲述者:**
从新增的国家来看，过去一周最引人注目的是巴西和加拿大收到了关税通知。巴西当初并未被列入“解放日”关税名单，这有其原因：美国对巴西享有贸易顺差。所以，从白宫的角度看，我们在那里的贸易是“赢”的。但总统给出的理由特别指出，巴西对待他的朋友、前总统雅伊尔·博索纳罗（Jair
Bolsonaro）非常糟糕，因此要对他们征收关税。这基本上是把关税当作政治变革或政治胁迫的工具。这是关税工具的一种新用法，很可能在法庭上站不住脚。我不确定是否会受到挑战，但这确实拓宽了总统愿意使用其关税权力的范围。

**Narrator:** The tariff on Brazil is 50%. So it's it's sizable although
I don't know how much they export to us. It looks like estimates are
that it's going to have a 1% GDP impact on on Brazil. Now the other new
country that received a letter was Canada president saying the Canadians
are going to be tariffed at 35%. But a lot of the Canadian trade is
covered by the US MCA agreement. So in practice it doesn't look like
it's going to be very consequential. Now, Canada was not included in
original liberation day trade. So, it does also show an opening of the
new front.

**讲述者:**
对巴西征收的关税高达50%，这是一个相当大的数字，尽管我不知道他们对美出口的具体数额。据估计，这将对巴西的GDP（国内生产总值：一国在特定时期内生产的所有最终商品和服务的市场总价值）产生1%的影响。另一个收到信函的新国家是加拿大，总统称将对其征收35%的关税。但加拿大的大部分贸易受《美墨加协定》（USMCA）保护，所以实际上影响似乎不会很大。不过，由于加拿大最初并未被卷入“解放日”的贸易争端，这也显示出一条新战线的开辟。

**Narrator:** What's notably absent over the past week was really big
trading partners like the European Union not receiving a letter.
President did mention that he was going to send a letter in a couple
days, but it seems like they're still negotiating and so uh a letter
could happen any time depending on how that goes. Another new set of
tariffs the past week was sectorwide tariffs on copper. So we have no
tariffs on steel and aluminum. Those are reliant upon studies done
during the first Trump term. It looks like Trump has a new study now
showing that copper is a commodity important for national security and
so he's levying a 50% tariff on copper.

**讲述者:**
值得注意的是，过去一周像欧盟这样的重要贸易伙伴并未收到信函。总统确实提到他将在几天内发函，但看起来他们仍在谈判，所以信函随时可能根据谈判进展而发出。过去一周另一项新的关税是针对铜的全行业关税。我们已经对钢铁和铝征收了关税，这些是基于特朗普第一任期内所做的研究。现在看来，特朗普有了一份新研究，表明铜是关系到国家安全的重要商品，因此他对铜征收了50%的关税。

**Narrator:** Now these rationals are important because the rationals
show how vulnerable Trump is on legal challenges. The emergency tariffs
were challenged but these sectorwide tariffs, they are on a more solid
footing. Now copper traders have been anticipating copper tariffs for
some time so they've been preparing for this but by all accounts many
people were surprised by how large the copper tariffs were and they sent
US traded copper prices vertical basically once they were announced.
Looking at COMEX prices against London Metal Exchange prices, there's a
wide premium in US traded copper as everyone anticipates that after the
tariff prices of copper in the US are going to be a lot higher than the
rest of the world obviously.

**讲述者:**
这些理由很重要，因为它们显示了特朗普在法律挑战面前的脆弱性。之前的紧急关税受到了挑战，但这些基于特定行业的关税法律基础更为坚实。铜交易商们一段时间以来一直在预期关税的出台，并为此做准备，但据各方消息，许多人仍对关税之高感到惊讶。消息一经宣布，美国交易的铜价基本上是垂直上涨。对比COMEX（纽约商品交易所：全球最大的金属期货和期权交易市场）和LME（伦敦金属交易所）的价格，可以发现美国交易的铜存在巨大的溢价，因为所有人都预期关税实施后，美国的铜价将远高于世界其他地区。

**Narrator:** And what seems to be happening is that over the past few
months copper has been pouring all over the world into the US trying to
get ahead of the tariffs and this has been a very very profitable trade
for many metals traders because as they source copper from say China or
whatever the world and put them in the US after the tariffs came into
effect, that copper is just going to be worth more compared to the rest
of the world since in order for copper to get into the US, they now have
to pay that 50% tariff. So the US is reportedly awash in copper right
now and so the US companies are not going to be in need of copper for
for some time. The rest of the world maybe possibly more scarcity there.

**讲述者:**
过去几个月似乎发生的情况是，来自世界各地的铜一直在涌入美国，试图抢在关税实施之前。这对许多金属交易商来说是一笔非常有利可图的交易，因为他们从中国或世界其他地方采购铜，运到美国，等关税生效后，这些铜的价值就相对世界其他地方更高了，因为新的铜要进入美国必须支付50%的关税。据报道，美国现在铜供应泛滥，因此美国公司在一段时间内不会缺铜。而世界其他地区则可能面临供应短缺。

**Narrator:** Now, it's kind of curious for Trump to do this as a
rationale since obviously we're not going to be able to just dig a new
copper mine suddenly, right? The president could not have a third term
and then we could have a new president who takes off these tariffs. So,
any investment in a copper mine in the US, which to be fair takes years
and years to build out, would be premature. But I was listening to some
smart people discuss this and one possibility could be that although the
US does not have big copper mines and doesn't really produce primary
copper, it actually exports a lot of scrap copper to the rest of the
world. So if you have copper tariffs, what could happen is that the US
could develop capacity within itself to use that scrap copper instead of
just exporting to the world. And that would help in copper
self-sufficiency. Developing capacity to manage and refine scrap copper
is a lot easier than digging a brand new copper mine and producing
primary copper concentrate. So that could be the rationale there.

**讲述者:**
特朗普以国家安全为由这么做有些奇怪，因为我们显然不可能突然就挖出一个新铜矿，对吧？总统可能无法连任第三届，新总统上任后可能会取消这些关税。所以，任何在美国投资铜矿的行为——建设铜矿需要很多年——都为时过早。但我听一些聪明人讨论过，一种可能性是，尽管美国没有大型铜矿，也不怎么生产原生铜，但它实际上向世界其他地区出口大量的废铜。因此，有了关税之后，美国可能会发展国内处理这些废铜的能力，而不是仅仅出口。这将有助于实现铜的自给自足。发展管理和精炼废铜的能力比开采一个全新的铜矿并生产原生铜精矿要容易得多。所以这可能是背后的逻辑。

### 市场反应与深层逻辑

**Narrator:** So looking at the market reaction. So again very surprised
that the equity market seemingly doesn't care but of course there could
be other things happening there some sort of you know pinning. But other
markets did react to this and it reacted in an interesting way. Now
according to standard economic theory when we put on tariffs like this
the dollar is supposed to strengthen and that's how it reacted before
liberation day. Post liberation day you kind of had this change in
regime whereas tariffs became dollar negative and people were seemingly
worried about US exposure. This time around though and this is an
encouraging note is that the market went back to a much more traditional
playbook. The big tariffs caused the dollar to strengthen and it also
caused the bond market to sell off. So interest rates higher likely in
anticipation of potentially higher inflation which is possible but again
as we've discussed before doesn't seem to have happened.

**讲述者:**
观察市场反应，我再次对股市似乎毫不在意感到惊讶，当然这背后可能有其他因素，比如某种钉住效应。但其他市场确实做出了反应，而且方式很有趣。根据标准经济理论，当我们征收这样的关税时，美元应该会走强，这也是“解放日”之前的反应模式。而在“解放日”之后，情况发生了变化，关税反而对美元不利，人们似乎开始担心美国的风险敞口。但这一次——这是一个令人鼓舞的信号——市场回归了更为传统的剧本。大规模关税导致美元走强，并引发了债券市场抛售，利率走高，这可能是出于对潜在通胀上升的预期。通胀上升是可能的，但正如我们之前讨论过的，似乎并未真正发生。

**Narrator:** Oh to that point though I think it's worth talking about
the extra tariffs that the US has put on Japan close US trading ally
which discussions haven't been going that well. Now, there's some
interesting data showing that auto export prices from Japan to the US
year-over-year actually declined by 20%. Now, recall we also have
sectorwide auto tariffs globally of about 25%. So what that's telling
you is that the Japanese automakers in order to remain competitive into
the US they are lowering their prices by about 20% such that after the
tariffs the prices that US consumers face are not impacted by the
tariff. So this is an example where the cost of tariff is actually borne
by the foreign exporter. In other industries it will be different. There
will be industries where the US importer will kind of have to stomach
the cost with lower margins and there will be some products where the US
consumer will have to pay more.

**讲述者:**
关于这一点，我认为有必要谈谈美国对日本这个亲密贸易盟友额外征收的关税，相关的讨论一直不太顺利。有项有趣的数据显示，从日本出口到美国的汽车价格同比实际下降了20%。请记住，我们还有一个全球范围内约25%的全行业汽车关税。这告诉我们，为了在美国市场保持竞争力，日本汽车制造商正在将价格降低约20%，从而使得关税实施后，美国消费者面临的价格不受影响。这是一个关税成本实际由外国出口商承担的例子。在其他行业情况会有所不同：有些行业，美国进口商将不得不以降低利润率的方式消化成本；而有些产品，则需要美国消费者支付更高的价格。

**Narrator:** This is a very complicated puzzle. It's going to depend on
very different dynamics. But yes, sometimes the tariffs are borne by the
exporter and in this case it's a major item. It's borne by Japanese auto
exporters. And I think one of the big contentions in the Japanese US
trade negotiations is the sectorwide autos. Now there's some reporting
today showing suggesting that the US kind of wants these East Asian
countries to stand up and say something that they will you know not be
happy if China invades Taiwan or something like that. But in any case,
the US continues as is shown in the case of Brazil to use tariffs in a
very broad sense accomplishing many political geopolitical goals and not
just trade goals. So it looks like for now tariff man is back and now
unless the equity markets or the markets have a stronger reaction, it's
hard to see a reason why he would change his mind. In April was very
clear. He had to change his mind because too many people were feeling
jumpy as he would say. But now what's the what's the reason to climb
down? So we'll see what happens in the coming weeks.

**讲述者:**
这是一个非常复杂的谜题，取决于各种不同的动态。但确实，有时关税是由出口商承担的，而在汽车这个重要项目上，成本就由日本汽车出口商承担了。我认为，在美日贸易谈判中，一个主要的争论点就是全行业的汽车关税。今天有报道暗示，美国希望这些东亚国家站出来表态，比如在中国攻击台湾时表示不满。但无论如何，正如在巴西的案例中所显示的，美国正在继续以非常广泛的方式使用关税，以实现众多政治和地缘政治目标，而不仅仅是贸易目标。所以，目前看来，“关税侠”又回来了。除非股市或其他市场出现更强烈的反应，否则很难看到他有改变主意的理由。四月份的情况很明朗，他必须改变主意，因为用他的话说，太多人感到“不安”了。但现在，他有什么理由退让呢？让我们看看未来几周会发生什么。

## 二、白银：最初的“模因币”

**Narrator:** Now one other interesting thing happened the past week was
of course a breakout seemingly related to to uh trade was the breakout
in silver prices which is what we want to talk to next. Now silver
prices surged on Friday. Okay, looks like surged about 4%. And it looks
like it's properly breaking out. Now, silver I think is I find it to be
personally interesting because I think of it as the original memecoin
when it comes to things like, you know, dollar debasement and
hyperinflation and stuff like that.

**讲述者:**
过去一周发生的另一件有趣的事情，似乎与贸易相关，那就是白银价格的突破，这也是我们接下来要讨论的。周五，白银价格飙升，看起来上涨了约4%，并且似乎正在实现真正的突破。我个人觉得白银很有趣，因为当谈到美元贬值、恶性通胀之类的话题时，我把它看作是最初的“模因币”（Memecoin：指那些因网络迷因、社区热情或名人效应而非基本面驱动而价格暴涨的资产）。

**Narrator:** Now, all this talk, we hear this over and over again. The
people who believe in stuff like that have have largely migrated to
things like crypto, but it has a long history. Okay. Now, if you look at
a price of silver, periodically, it just surges. It just surges upwards.
It's hit a top in \$50 in the 1980s, \$50 again in 2010s, and right now
it's not close to \$50. But if you look back to episodes in the 1980s,
you can see you have this huge surge, crypto-like surge in the price of
silver. And back then that was because the Hunts brothers which were two
billionaire brothers sought to corner the price of silver.

**讲述者:**
这些论调我们已经听过很多次了。相信这类说法的人现在大多已经转向了加密货币等资产，但白银有着悠久的历史。如果你观察白银的价格走势，会发现它会周期性地飙升。它曾在1980年代达到50美元的顶部，2010年代再次达到50美元，而现在离50美元还很远。但如果你回顾1980年代的那次事件，你会看到白银价格出现了巨大的、类似加密货币的飙升。那是因为当时的亨特兄弟——两位亿万富翁兄弟——试图操纵白银市场。

**Narrator:** So back then they were saying that you know the dollar is
uh you know doing poorly. We're going to have huge inflation.
Everything's bad. We got to buy hard assets. And to their in their
defense back then in the 1980s when they were buying this inflation was
high. It was like 10% year-over-year. still having fears of, you know,
huge inflation, currency debasement, totally totally legitimate. And so
what they were trying to do was they were trying to buy up all the
silver in the world, basically cornering the market. And they were doing
this pretty successfully actually. You can see that silver surged from a
few dollars to as high as \$50. The Hunts brothers were buying silver,
asking for physical delivery, and also borrowing a whole bunch of money
and buying even more on leverage. And that was really kind of squeezing
the market higher and higher.

**讲述者:**
当时他们宣称，美元表现不佳，我们将面临巨大的通货膨胀，一切都很糟糕，必须购买硬资产。为他们辩护的是，在1980年代他们购买白银时，通货膨胀确实很高，年率达到10%左右。因此，对巨大通胀和货币贬值的担忧是完全合乎情理的。于是他们试图买下世界上所有的白银，基本上是想垄断市场。实际上，他们做得相当成功。你可以看到白银价格从几美元飙升至高达50美元。亨特兄弟不断买入白银，要求实物交割，同时还大量借款，通过杠杆买入更多，这确实将市场价格越推越高。

**Narrator:** So much higher that the authorities became worried. You
had changes in rules in the uh by the CFTC. You had some moral
persuasion by the Federal Reserve trying to discourage banks to provide
margin to the Hunts brothers. And at the end of the day, that was
successful. Right? So, when they're highly leveraged and prices go down
a little bit and you have trouble renewing your margin loans or getting
additional financing, you have to sell to cover your margin. And when
you sell, prices go down more and that means you have maybe more margin
calls and eventually this whole thing imploded rather rather suddenly
and silver was back to back to where it was. So, that happened huge
squeeze cryptolike.

**讲述者:**
价格高到让监管机构开始担忧。CFTC（商品期货交易委员会：负责监管美国商品期货和期权市场的独立机构）修改了规则，美联储也进行了一些道德劝说，试图劝阻银行为亨特兄弟提供保证金贷款。最终，这些措施成功了。当他们高度杠杆化，价格稍有下跌，而你又难以续借保证金贷款或获得额外融资时，你就必须卖出资产来弥补保证金。而当你卖出时，价格会进一步下跌，这意味着你可能会面临更多的追加保证金通知，最终整个局面相当突然地崩溃了，白银价格也回到了原点。那是一次巨大的、类似加密货币的逼空行情。

**Narrator:** Now fast forward to 2010s. Something similar happened
again. That again was the same people. Well, not the same people, the
same kind of thinking. Uh that was post 2008. So it was a time when the
Fed was doing a lot of QE. People were looking at the Fed's balance
sheet and like you know we're doing hyperinflation. Fed is printing a
lot of money. Dollar is going to go to zero and so forth. But at that
time it was a lot less defensible. Uh inflation was very low. I think we
were, you know, 2% and the Fed was worried about deflation at the time.
Fed was doing a lot of quantitative easing and those who had a very poor
understanding of the financial system were pointing at that and
suggesting imminent hyperinflation and they of course were totally
wrong. But in any case, it did not stop them from buying silver.

**讲述者:**
快进到2010年代，类似的事情再次发生。又是同一批人——嗯，不是同一批人，而是同一种思维。那是在2008年金融危机之后，美联储正在进行大量QE（量化宽松：中央银行通过购买国债等中长期债券，增加基础货币供给，向市场注入大量流动性资金的干预方式）。人们看着美联储的资产负债表，惊呼“我们要恶性通胀了！美联储在印钞！美元要归零了！”等等。但在那个时候，这种说法更站不住脚。通胀率非常低，大概在2%左右，美联储当时担心的其实是通货紧缩。美联储进行了大量的量化宽松，而那些对金融体系理解甚少的人指着这一点，预言即将发生恶性通胀，他们当然是完全错了。但无论如何，这并没有阻止他们购买白银。

**Narrator:** So if you look at the price of silver back then up up up I
remember because I was in that trade back then and it was you know went
up and up and up and up and everyone was wondering how high can it go
and you even had articles in big newspaper publications talking about
people who kind of didn't know anything about macro just in their heart
believed that silver was going to go to the moon and silver did rise all
the way up to \$50. also about where it was in the 1980s and then one
Sunday evening I remember because I saw that comex open and silver just
kind of went went down in a big way and that was the end of it.

**讲述者:**
如果你看当时白银的价格，它一路飙升。我记得很清楚，因为我当时也参与了那次交易。价格一路上涨，所有人都想知道它能涨多高。甚至一些主流报刊都发表文章，报道那些对宏观经济一无所知，但内心坚信白银将“一飞冲天”的人们。白银确实一路涨到了50美元，也和1980年代的高点差不多。然后，我记得一个周日晚上，COMEX开盘，白银价格突然大幅下跌，一切就此结束。

**Narrator:** These things happen in in silver. It's a very volatile
metal and before there was things like crypto it captured the
imagination of retail speculators who were you know who believe that
there was some problem with inflation or hyperinflation and something
like that.  
*(Dialogue skit starts)*  
**Person A:** Did you hear about the Fed?  
**Person B:** No. What about the Fed?  
**Person A:** They announced another round of the quantitative easing.  
**Person B:** What does that mean?  
**Person A:** It means they are going to make large asset purchases via
POMO.  
**Person B:** What does that mean?  
**Person A:** It means they are going to expand their balance sheet and
buy treasuries.  
**Person B:** What does that mean?  
**Person A:** It means they are going to print a ton of money.

**讲述者:**
这种事在白银市场时有发生。它是一种非常不稳定的金属，在加密货币出现之前，它捕获了那些相信通胀或恶性通胀存在问题的散户投机者的想象力。  
*（情景对话开始）*  
**A君：**你听说了美联储的事吗？  
**B君：**没有，美联储怎么了？  
**A君：**他们宣布了新一轮的量化宽松。  
**B君：**那是什么意思？  
**A君：**意思是他们将通过POMO（永久性公开市场操作：美联储通过买卖政府证券来调节货币供应量的主要工具）进行大规模资产购买。  
**B君：**那是什么意思？  
**A君：**意思是他们将扩大资产负债表，购买国债。  
**B君：**那是什么意思？  
**A君：**意思就是他们要印一大堆钱。

### 当前展望

**Narrator:** So, bring that to today, it looks like silver is breaking
out again. Gold has already reached all-time highs a few weeks ago and
now silver is quite far from its all-time highs and it's surging higher
and historically as we've seen those two these two past episodes when it
goes higher often times it gathers momentum a lot of people pour in and
you know it could potentially go higher. Now, the the problem this time
around, of course, you got you have ongoing things like deficit
concerns. You got ongoing things like Fed independence, what we'll talk
about shortly, but you also have a lot of other assets that are
absorbing the flows of people who who see the world in that way,
specifically crypto. We saw Bitcoin make all-time highs the past week.
So, not really sure how high this will go, but it's something that's
happened in the past. So that that's something that that I think bears
looking at. Keep in mind of course that silver is also in part an
industrial metal. So it is related to things like equities and the
economic cycles and so forth. So thought that was something interesting
the past week.

**讲述者:**
回到今天，白银似乎再次突破。黄金几周前已经创下历史新高，而白银离其历史高点还很远，但正在加速上涨。从历史上看，正如我们看到的那两次事件，当它上涨时，往往会聚集动能，吸引大量人涌入，价格有可能继续走高。当然，这次的问题在于，我们面临着持续的赤字担忧、美联储独立性问题（我们稍后会谈到），同时还有很多其他资产在吸收那些持相似世界观的人的资金流，特别是加密货币。我们看到比特币上周也创下了历史新高。所以，我不确定这次能涨多高，但这是过去发生过的事情，值得我们关注。当然要记住，白银部分也是一种工业金属，因此它与股票、经济周期等相关。我认为这是过去一周一件有趣的事。

## 三、对美联储的围攻

**Narrator:** And the last thing I want to talk about this week of
course is the ongoing assault the president has on the Federal Reserve.
As we all know, President Trump is not a fan of Jerome Powell sending
him a large handwritten letter showing that the US interest rates are,
you know, much higher than many of our peers and he would like it to be
lower. Maybe 300 basis points lower, even better, maybe negative. After
all, if you borrow money and get paid, you know, what's not to like
about that?

**讲述者:**
本周我想谈的最后一件事，当然是总统对美联储的持续攻击。众所周知，特朗普总统不喜欢杰罗姆·鲍威尔，他曾给鲍威尔寄去一封长长的手写信，指出美国的利率远高于许多其他国家，并希望利率能降低，或许降低300个基点（Basis
Points：衡量利率变动的单位，1个基点等于0.01%），甚至更好的是负利率。毕竟，如果你借钱还能收到利息，有什么不喜欢的呢？

**Narrator:** Now, the new attack line from the allies of the president
has to do with how the Fed is handling their 2.5 billion renovation of
the Eccles Building in basically their headquarters in Washington DC.
So, this is something that it's not new, but was picked up by the New
York Post all the way back in April where and we have people who've been
commenting on this where the Fed is spending \$2.5 billion to renovate
their headquarters. Apparently, there's going to be a huge waterfall,
private elevators and so forth. So, it seems like it's a lavish, as they
would say, like a palace of Versailles like headquarters.

**讲述者:**
现在，总统盟友们的新攻击点，与美联储如何处理其位于华盛顿特区的总部——埃克尔斯大楼（Eccles
Building）——耗资25亿美元的翻修工程有关。这件事本身并不新鲜，但早在四月份就被《纽约邮报》报道过，并且一直有人评论此事。美联储花费25亿美元翻修总部，据称将建造一个巨大的瀑布、私人电梯等等。这听起来像一个奢华的、如他们所说的“凡尔赛宫”般的总部。

**Narrator:** And so, to be clear, to fire a Fed chair, it's very
difficult. You have to have cause. The Fed chair has to have done
something, you know, wrong. And so what some allies like housing
official Piy is saying is that you know maybe Jerome Powell did not
answer his wouldn't ask about these renovations or paperwork or
something like that did not do it in in a proper way and so maybe that
could be cause to get rid of him. Now, the president has been made very
clear that he doesn't like Powell and that's been creating an open
season for all Trump allies to go and just pile in and put pressure on
Jerome Powell to quit.

**讲述者:**
需要明确的是，解雇一位美联储主席非常困难，必须有正当理由，主席必须做了错事。因此，像住房官员Piy这样的一些盟友声称，也许杰罗姆·鲍威尔没有以适当的方式回应有关这些翻修工程或相关文件的质询，这或许可以成为罢免他的理由。总统已经明确表示他不喜欢鲍威尔，这为所有特朗普的盟友创造了一个“开放狩猎季”，让他们蜂拥而上，向鲍威尔施压，迫使他辞职。

**Narrator:** Now, whether or not this will actually work, I probably
not. I don't think so. So, the tactics so far have been to, you know,
have a shadow Fed chair that could be nominated as soon as November to
to influence policy. Maybe have Scott Bessant change the issuance
structure of of the Treasury debt to make it more shorter to to
influence interest rates and now it's trying to find cause to get rid of
J Powell. Now J Powell from his perspective has been pretty resolute
that he's not going to stand down and I think from his perspective he
thinks he's doing the right thing. He thinks that monetary policy is
very independent and he's basically kind of the the last guardian of the
old regime where so many things so many institutional structures in the
US have are being changed being swept away and JPO is kind of the last
man standing in that old world.

**讲述者:**
至于这是否会奏效，我个人认为可能不会。到目前为止，所使用的策略包括：设立一个“影子美联储主席”，可能最早在11月就会被提名以影响政策；或许让斯科特·贝桑特（Scott
Bessant）改变财政部债务的发行结构，使其更偏向短期以影响利率；以及现在试图找到罢免鲍威尔的理由。从鲍威尔的角度看，他一直非常坚定，不会退缩。我认为他认为自己在做正确的事。他坚信货币政策的独立性，并且他基本上是旧体制的最后一位守护者——在美国如此多的制度结构正在被改变、被扫除的背景下，鲍威尔是那个旧世界里最后站着的人。

**Narrator:** Eventually of course the Trump is going to get his new Fed
chair next year. But I think Powell thinks that he's doing the right
thing. He's not going to stand down. So this if anything is probably
going to make him more resolute in keeping interest rates higher. So
these attacks I don't think are going to be effective on him. But the
pressure is going to keep piling and I think that's that's worth
thinking about because the president often times he makes these big
claims and then he negotiates to something lower. That's his style.
We've seen it over and over again. Uh he's negotiating now for 300 basis
points of cuts. Not going to get that, of course, but you know, whatever
it is, I'm thinking it's going to be lower than it would have been
otherwise. So, that's something to think about when you think about
monetary policy independence, inflation rates, the dollar currency, and
so forth.

**讲述者:**
当然，特朗普明年最终会任命新的美联储主席。但我认为鲍威尔坚信自己在做正确的事，他不会退缩。如果说这些攻击有什么影响的话，那很可能会让他更加坚定地将利率维持在较高水平。所以，我认为这些攻击对他不会有效。但压力会持续增加，这一点值得思考，因为总统的风格常常是先提出夸张的要求，然后通过谈判达成一个较低的目标。我们已经一次又一次地看到了。他现在要求降息300个基点，当然不可能实现，但无论最终结果如何，我猜利率会比没有这些压力的情况下要低。所以，当思考货币政策独立性、通货膨胀率、美元汇率等问题时，这是需要考虑的因素。

## 结束语

**Narrator:** All right, so that's all I prepared for today. Thanks so
much for tuning in, and I'll talk to you guys next week.

**讲述者:**
好了，这就是我今天准备的全部内容。非常感谢您的收看，我们下周再聊。
