---
title: "What is life? A Nobel Prize-winning scientist answers | Paul Nurse Full Interview"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-06-08"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: ""
  guest: "" 
  source: ""
---

<div id="report-content" class="container">

# What is life? / 生命是什么？

<div class="speaker-intro">

**Speaker Bio**

**讲述者简介**

My name is Paul Nurse. I'm a geneticist and cell biologist, and I run a
biomedical research institute in London called the Francis Crick
Institute. I've just written a book, my first book, and it's called
"What Is Life?".

我的名字是保罗·纳斯（Paul
Nurse）。我是一名遗传学家和细胞生物学家，在伦敦负责运营一个名为弗朗西斯·克里克研究所（Francis
Crick
Institute）的生物医学研究机构。我刚刚写了一本书，这是我的第一本书，书名是《生命是什么？》。



## Chapter 1: What Is Life? / 第一章：生命是什么？

<div class="text-block">

I call this book "What Is Life?" because it addresses the fundamental
question in biology. Biologists study living things, and a critical
question for us is to understand the difference between something that
is alive and something that is not. You might think this is a rather
simple question to answer, but in fact, it is not so easy. If you look
this up in Wikipedia or a dictionary, you often get rather complex
answers. I wanted to address this question, drawing upon my background
and many years of experience thinking about biology, to see if I could
attempt an answer to what I believe is one of the key questions in the
field.

我将这本书命名为《生命是什么？》，因为它触及了生物学中的根本问题。生物学家研究生命体，对我们而言，一个关键的问题是理解有生命与无生命之物的区别。你可能会认为这是一个相当简单的问题，但实际上，它并不容易回答。如果你在维基百科或词典中查找，往往会得到相当复杂的答案。我希望能够探讨这个问题，利用我多年的生物学背景和思考经验，尝试回答这个我认为是生物学领域最核心的问题之一。

It should be said, I am by no means the first person to have considered
this question. My work builds upon the contributions of others, in
particular, a very famous book also called "What Is Life?" by
Schrödinger, the great physicist, written in the 1940s. There isn't
really a very good definition of life. The way I approached it in this
book was to take five of the great ideas of biology—ideas that most
scientists would happily agree with, some of which have been around for
centuries. I explored these five ideas: the concept of the cell, the
gene, evolution by natural selection, understanding life in terms of
chemistry, and the fifth idea, understanding life in terms of
information.

必须说明的是，我绝不是第一个思考这个问题的人。我的工作建立在许多前人的基础之上，尤其是一本同样名为《生命是什么？》的著名书籍，由伟大的物理学家薛定谔（Schrödinger）于1940年代撰写。关于生命，其实并没有一个非常好的定义。我在这本书中采用的方法是，选取生物学中五个伟大的思想——这些思想得到了大多数科学家的认同，其中一些甚至已经存在了数个世纪。我深入探讨了这五个思想：细胞的概念、基因的概念、自然选择进化论、从化学角度理解生命，以及第五个思想，从信息角度理解生命。

All of these ideas are well-accepted, though perhaps the last one, life
as information, is not as fully accepted as the others. By exploring
these five ideas, explaining their origins—which is quite
interesting—and then extracting principles from them, I sought to define
what life is. That is the approach I decided to use.

所有这些思想都已被广泛接受，尽管最后一个，即“生命即信息”，或许不像其他几个那样被完全接受。通过探索这五个思想，解释它们的起源——这本身就非常有趣——然后从中提炼出原则，我试图定义生命是什么。这就是我决定采用的方法。



## Chapter 2: The Cell, Where Life Begins / 第二章：细胞，生命的起点

<div class="text-block">

The cell is a critical concept in my understanding of life. Why is that?
It's because it is the simplest entity that you can unambiguously
identify as being clearly alive. There are other life forms, such as
viruses, where there's some debate, which we can perhaps discuss later.
But everyone will agree that the cell is the basic unit of life. It is
not only the basic structural unit of life, as it's often taught in
school, but it is also the basic functional unit of life. By this, I
mean it is the simplest object that expresses the characteristics of
life. It can grow, divide, and reproduce.

细胞，在我对生命概念的理解中，是一个至关重要的概念。为什么这么说？因为它是一个可以被明确无误地认定为具有生命的最简单实体。对于其他一些生命形式，比如病毒，还存在一些争议，我们或许可以稍后讨论。但所有人都同意，细胞是生命的基本单位。它不仅是生命的基本结构单位——这在学校里经常被提及——它也是生命的基本功能单位。我的意思是，它是展现生命特征的最简单的物体。它能够生长、分裂和繁殖。

Single-celled organisms, living things made up of only one cell, possess
all the characteristics of other life forms as well; they are just much
simpler. So, I sometimes think of the cell as life's atom, much like
physicists would have referred to the atom, particularly at the
beginning of the 20th century. The cell is the equivalent; it is life's
atom.

单细胞生物，即仅由一个细胞构成的生命体，同样具备其他生命形式的所有特征；它们只是更为简单。因此，我有时会将细胞视为“生命的原子”，就像物理学家在20世纪初谈论原子一样。细胞是等同的概念；它是生命的原子。

We don't often read much about cells, although perhaps more so in recent
times with discussions about stem cells and their potential to replace
damaged tissues, organs, and other medical applications. But I wanted to
concentrate on the cell as something fundamental to life. Because all
living things—myself, a plant, an insect, everything we see around us
that is alive—is either a single cell or made up of groups of cells
acting together. That is why it is so critically important.

我们通常不怎么阅读关于细胞的内容，尽管近年来随着干细胞及其在替换受损组织、器官等医学应用方面的讨论增多，情况有所改变。但我希望将重点放在细胞作为生命之根本的这个层面上。因为所有的生命体——我自己、一株植物、一只昆虫，我们周围所有有生命的东西——要么是单个细胞，要么是由协同工作的细胞群构成。这就是它至关重要的原因。

Something we humans perhaps sometimes forget is that all of us were once
a single cell. We were once a fertilized egg in our mother's body—a
single cell. If we all began as a single cell, isn't that something we
should be deeply interested in? Is it something we haven't fully
appreciated? For me, I believe it is, and I wanted to elucidate this
very point. So, you had better be interested in cells, because you were
once one. If we understand cells, we will understand ourselves and every
other living thing on this planet a bit better.

我们人类有时可能会忘记，我们所有人都曾是一个单细胞。我们曾是母亲体内的受精卵——一个单细胞。如果我们都始于一个单细胞，这难道不是我们应该深感兴趣的事情吗？这是不是我们尚未完全领会的事实？对我而言，我相信是的，我希望能阐明这一点。所以，你最好对细胞感兴趣，因为你也曾是一个细胞。如果我们理解了细胞，我们就能更好地理解我们自己以及这个星球上的所有其他生命体。

I saw my first cells when I was at school, I forget my exact age,
perhaps 12 or 13. I had an inspirational biology teacher named Keith
Neal; I still think of him as Mr. Neal. He explained that if we took the
tip of an onion root, squashed it, and looked at it under a microscope,
we would see the cells that made up that root. And indeed, he was right.
There they were. I looked under the microscope and saw these rows of
box-like structures, which were cells. I found it quite wonderful.

我第一次看到细胞是在上学的时候，我忘了具体是几岁，大概是12或13岁。我有一位富有启发性的生物老师，他叫基思·尼尔（Keith
Neal），我至今仍称他为尼尔先生。他向我们解释，如果我们取一小段洋葱根尖，将其压扁，然后在显微镜下观察，我们就能看到构成根尖的细胞。事实的确如此。它们就在那里。我通过显微镜看到了这些排列成行的盒状结构，那就是细胞。我觉得这真是太奇妙了。

Looking down that microscope as a schoolboy and seeing those cells was a
revelation for me, but it was an even greater revelation for the person
who first saw a cell. That was Robert Hooke, who, in the 1660s, working
in Oxford where I live, used a very simple microscope, took a thin slice
of a plant, and saw the cells. He published his findings in a very
famous book called "Micrographia" in 1665. The images looked just like
what I was seeing under the microscope centuries later. It is wonderful
to see these things, because one aspect of being a scientist is that we
look around us, and when we explore with instruments like a microscope,
we discover so much more. One of the things I discovered at 12 or 13 was
the cell itself. And it must have had a profound impression on me,
because I am still studying it over 50 years later.

作为一个学生，通过显微镜看到那些细胞，对我来说是一次启示，但对于第一个看到细胞的人来说，那更是一次伟大的启示。那个人是罗伯特·胡克（Robert
Hooke）。在1660年代，他在我现在居住的牛津工作，用一个非常简单的显微镜观察了一片薄薄的植物切片，看到了细胞。他在1665年一本非常著名的书《显微图谱》（Micrographia）中公布了他的发现。那些图像和我数个世纪后在显微镜下看到的几乎一模一样。看到这些事物真是太美妙了，因为作为一名科学家，我们观察周围的世界，当我们使用像显微镜这样的仪器去探索时，我们能发现更多。我在12、13岁时发现的事物之一就是细胞本身。它一定给我留下了深刻的印象，因为50多年后的今天，我仍旧在研究它。



## Chapter 3: The Ancient Connection Between Yeast and Humans / 第三章：酵母与人类的古老联系

<div class="text-block">

One important characteristic of cells is that they reproduce themselves
through division, from one to two. Of course, reproduction is a
characteristic of all life; it's one of the fundamental things all
living things do. You see it in its simplest form in the division of a
cell. This particularly fascinated me because when I was seeking a
research project in my 20s, quite a long time ago, I wanted to study a
fundamental process. For me, cell reproduction represented exactly that,
because all living things reproduce, and we see it there in its simplest
form. I thought if we could understand how cells control their
reproduction, we would get to one of the central mysteries of life. As a
consequence, I have spent my own life studying this important question.

细胞的一个重要特征是它们通过分裂自我繁殖，由一变二。当然，繁殖是所有生命的特征，是所有生命体都会做的基本事情之一。在细胞分裂中，你可以看到它最简单的形式。这一点尤其让我着迷，因为在我二十多岁寻找研究课题时——那已经是很久以前了——我想研究一个基本过程。对我来说，细胞繁殖正是如此，因为所有生命体都会繁殖，而我们在细胞中看到了它最简单的形式。我想，如果我们能理解细胞如何控制其繁殖，我们就能触及生命的核心奥秘之一。因此，我将自己的一生都投入到了研究这个重要问题上。

When I considered how to study cell reproduction, I decided to take a
simple system, one that we could work on easily, where we could perform
a wide range of experiments—cell biological, biochemical, and
genetical—so that we could use every tool a biologist has to understand
what's going on. I decided to work on yeast. Most people are not excited
by yeast; I have to say I am. They might think it's good for making
beer, wine, and bread, but it is much more than that. It is a very good
model for other cells, including those of more complicated living things
like ourselves.

在考虑如何研究细胞繁殖时，我决定采用一个简单的系统，一个我们能轻松操作的系统，一个可以进行各种实验——细胞生物学、生物化学、遗传学实验——的系统，这样我们就可以利用生物学家的所有工具来理解其内在机制。我决定研究酵母。大多数人对酵母并不感到兴奋，但我必须说，我对此非常兴奋。他们可能认为酵母只是用来酿造啤酒、葡萄酒和制作面包的，但实际上，它的意义远不止于此。它是一个非常好的模型，可以用来研究其他细胞，包括像我们这样更复杂的生命体中的细胞。

Cells from yeast to humans are called eukaryotes. That's a technical
term which means their chromosomes, their DNA, are wrapped up in a
nucleus. What I decided was, if I could understand the process of cell
reproduction in yeast, perhaps that would illuminate how our own cells
control their division. This, in fact, turned out to be true. Later in
my career, after working on yeast for some years, my colleagues and I
discovered the molecules that control the entire process of cell
division, and then we went on to show that exactly the same processes
work in human beings.

从酵母到人类的细胞都称为“真核细胞”（eukaryotes）。这是一个技术术语，意味着它们的染色体，即DNA，被包裹在细胞核内。我的想法是，如果我能理解酵母细胞的繁殖过程，或许就能揭示我们自身细胞是如何控制分裂的。事实证明，这是正确的。在我职业生涯的后期，经过多年对酵母的研究，我和我的同事们发现了控制整个细胞分裂过程的分子，并进一步证明了完全相同的过程也同样在人体内运作。

That was one ofthe most exciting discoveries of my life, quite frankly,
because it had a profound consequence. If the same process controlled
the reproduction of a yeast cell as it does a human cell, then this
control mechanism must be extremely ancient. Yeast and human beings
diverged at least a billion years ago, and probably one and a half
billion years ago. This meant that this control process was put in place
one and a half billion years ago—1,500 million years. To put that in
perspective, dinosaurs went extinct only 65 million years ago; this is
far, far longer. We were back in the depths of deep time when this
mechanism was established, and it remains the same today in yeast and in
humans.

坦率地说，那是我一生中最激动人心的发现之一，因为它具有深远的意义。如果控制酵母细胞繁殖的过程与控制人类细胞的完全相同，那么这个控制机制必定极为古老。酵母和人类的进化分歧至少发生在十亿年前，很可能是一百五十亿年前。这意味着这个控制过程是在一百五十亿年前——即15亿年前——就已形成。为了让大家有个概念，恐龙灭绝仅仅在6500万年前，而这个时间要长得多得多。我们回溯到了远古的深处，这个机制在当时就已建立，并且至今在酵母和人类中保持不变。

It is so similar that the way my laboratory and I demonstrated it was by
identifying the gene in humans, putting it into a yeast cell, and
showing that it could entirely substitute for the yeast gene. In other
words, the process was still so similar after 1,500 million years that
they were completely interchangeable. It would be like taking a piston
from a Maserati car engine and putting it into a Ford, except the
evolutionary difference between the Ford and the Maserati would be 1.5
billion years. And it still worked.

这个过程是如此相似，以至于我和我的实验室通过以下方式证明了这一点：我们在人类中识别出相应的基因，将其植入酵母细胞，并发现它能完全替代酵母自身的基因。换句话说，经过15亿年的演化，这个过程仍然如此相似，以至于它们可以完全互换。这就像从一辆玛莎拉蒂的汽车发动机中取出一个活塞，然后装入一辆福特汽车中，只不过福特和玛莎拉蒂之间的进化差距长达15亿年。然而，它仍然能够工作。

Another great advantage of yeast is that it is fantastic for genetics.
It's very easy to cross different yeast strains, to track different
genes through those crosses, and to mutate, or damage, genes to see what
effect it has on how yeast cells work. It's a beautiful system,
particularly for studying something you don't understand. I was
interested in how cells control their division, how they go through the
process from the birth of a cell, through growth, and then division. To
study that, I looked for mutant yeast cells that couldn't undergo that
process. They could still grow, but they couldn't reproduce. This meant
that the cells would just get bigger and bigger, because while nothing
was affecting their growth, they were unable to divide.

酵母的另一个巨大优势是它非常适合遗传学研究。杂交不同的酵母菌株、追踪基因在杂交过程中的传递、以及通过突变或损伤基因来观察其对酵母细胞功能的影响，都非常容易。这是一个绝佳的系统，尤其适合研究我们尚不了解的领域。我对细胞如何控制其分裂，即从一个细胞诞生、经历生长再到分裂的过程非常感兴趣。为了研究这一点，我寻找了无法完成这一过程的突变酵母细胞。它们仍然可以生长，但无法繁殖。这意味着这些细胞只会变得越来越大，因为虽然它们的生长不受影响，但它们无法分裂。

So, as a postdoctoral worker, I looked for mutant yeast cells that would
simply get bigger and bigger and would never divide. By doing this, I
could define some of the genes necessary for the entire cell
reproduction process. That process, from the birth of a cell to its
division, is what we call the cell cycle. I called these genes "cell
division cycle" genes, or CDC genes. I was actually following the work
of a friend of mine, Lee Hartwell, who worked on a different type of
yeast a few years before me. He also called his genes CDC genes. So we
had two rather different yeasts in which we were revealing some of the
genes, which encoded components required for the division of a cell from
one to two. That was the start of trying to work out what controlled
that process.

因此，作为一名博士后研究员，我寻找那些只会不断变大而从不分裂的突变酵母细胞。通过这种方法，我得以确定一些对整个细胞繁殖过程至关重要的基因。这个从细胞诞生到分裂的过程，我们称之为“细胞周期”（cell
cycle）。我将这些基因命名为“细胞分裂周期基因”（cell division cycle
genes），简称CDC基因。实际上，我是在追随我的朋友利·哈特韦尔（Lee
Hartwell）的工作，他比我早几年研究了另一种酵母，也将其基因命名为CDC基因。就这样，我们在两种相当不同的酵母中，揭示了一些编码细胞由一变二所需组分的基因。这便是我们探索该过程控制机制的开端。



## Chapter 4: Genes, DNA, and Evolution / 第四章：基因、DNA与进化

<div class="text-block">

I mentioned that cells were discovered in the 17th century. The first
work that revealed something about what genes were came from the 19th
century, from research carried out by a monk named Gregor Mendel. He
worked in a town in the Austro-Hungarian Empire called Brno, which is
now in the Czech Republic. He belonged to an order of monks that taught
in local schools and actively encouraged research. Mendel was interested
in the genetics of pea plants. He crossed different peas with different
characteristics, like tall and short pea plants, or those with flowers
of different colors or seeds of different shapes, and studied the
progeny that grew from those crosses.

我提到细胞是在17世纪被发现的。而首次揭示基因本质的研究则源于19世纪，由一位名叫格雷戈尔·孟德尔（Gregor
Mendel）的修士完成。他在奥匈帝国一个名为布尔诺（Brno）的小镇工作，该地现属捷克共和国。他所属的修会不仅在当地学校任教，还积极鼓励科学研究。孟德尔对豌豆的遗传学非常感兴趣。他将具有不同性状的豌豆进行杂交，例如高茎与矮茎、不同颜色花朵或不同形状种子的豌豆，并研究这些杂交后代的性状表现。

He was trained as a physicist and was an amateur astronomer who mapped
the moon and also studied weather as a meteorologist. Curiously, I am an
amateur meteorologist and astronomer myself, so I feel a great affinity
for Gregor Mendel. I mention this because, perhaps unlike most
biologists at the time, he was quite quantitative. He counted things.
Biologists tended to describe things rather than count them, whereas
physicists tend to measure and therefore count. He counted the different
types of offspring produced from these pea plants and began to notice
very clear ratios, the famous ratios like three to one, and nine to
three to three to one.

他曾接受过物理学训练，并且是一位业余天文学家，绘制过月球地图，还作为气象学家研究天气。有趣的是，我自己也是一位业余气象学家和天文学家，因此我对孟德尔感到一种特别的亲近感。我提及这一点，是因为他与当时大多数生物学家不同，他非常注重定量分析。他会计数。当时的生物学家倾向于描述事物，而非计数，而物理学家则倾向于测量和计数。他统计了这些豌豆杂交后产生的不同类型后代的数量，并开始注意到一些非常清晰的比例，即著名的三比一，以及九比三比三比一的比例。

Being a physicist, he realized that these were very simple combinations.
He had the idea that what was responsible for the inheritance of a tall
or short plant could be described in terms of a gene that influenced
that process—a sort of unitary particle that could be passed down from
one plant to another. He didn't get it quite right; that took another 30
or 40 years when others rediscovered his work and interpreted it more
clearly. But it was the first evidence that there was something
particulate, which we now call a gene. And isn't it interesting where it
came from? It came from work on a humble pea plant, carried out by a
humble monk in a humble small town in the middle of Europe. And that has
led to the discipline of genetics.

作为一名物理学家，他意识到这些都是非常简单的组合。他提出了一个想法：负责遗传高茎或矮茎性状的，可以被描述为一种影响该过程的“基因”——一种可以从一代传递到下一代的单位粒子。他的理解并非完全准确，这需要再过三四十年，当其他人重新发现他的工作并更清晰地解释后才得以完善。但这是第一个证据，表明存在一种我们现在称之为“基因”的颗粒状物质。这个发现的起源难道不有趣吗？它源于一位谦逊的修士在欧洲中部一个不起眼的小镇上，对一种普通的豌豆植物所做的研究。而这，最终催生了整个遗传学学科。

Unfortunately, nobody took any notice of what Mendel did. None
whatsoever. His paper had been published; even Charles Darwin had been
sent a copy. I noticed it was mentioned in the Encyclopedia Britannica
10 or 15 years later, but nobody paid attention to his interpretation.
Then, in the early 1900s, three different botanists conducted the same
sorts of experiments, got the same results, but then had to admit that
it had all been described by the gardening monk 35 years before. So he
received no credit for his discovery during his lifetime, but now, of
course, a central part of genetics is called Mendelism in his honor.

不幸的是，当时没有人注意到孟德尔的工作，完全没有。他的论文已经发表，甚至查尔斯·达尔文也收到了一份。我注意到，十到十五年后，《大英百科全书》中也提到了它，但没有人关注他的解释。直到1900年代初，三位不同的植物学家进行了类似的实验，得到了相同的结果，但他们随后不得不承认，这一切都早在35年前就被那位园艺修士描述过了。因此，他在生前没有因其发现而获得任何荣誉，但现在，遗传学的一个核心部分以他的名字命名，称为孟德尔遗传学，以示敬意。

Genes were studied for quite a long time in the 20th century, but they
remained rather abstract. Nobody knew what they were. Then, a very
famous experiment was carried out at Rockefeller University in New York.
I am very fond of this experiment because I was once president of
Rockefeller University and lived in New York for nearly 10 years. This
experiment showed that genes were made of DNA, deoxyribonucleic acid.
This was done by a scientist called Avery. He worked on a bacterium,
pneumococcus, which could form either smooth or rough colonies. He found
that if he extracted chemicals from a smooth colony and added them to a
rough colony, sometimes the rough colonies were transformed into smooth
ones. He then investigated which chemicals were responsible and found
that DNA was the causal agent.

在20世纪的很长一段时间里，基因一直被研究，但它们仍然是一个相当抽象的概念，没有人知道它们到底是什么。后来，纽约的洛克菲勒大学进行了一项非常著名的实验。我对这个实验情有独钟，因为我曾担任洛克菲勒大学的校长，并在纽约生活了近十年。这个实验证明了基因是由DNA，即脱氧核糖核酸构成的。这项工作由一位名叫艾弗里（Avery）的科学家完成。他研究一种名为肺炎球菌的细菌，这种细菌可以形成光滑或粗糙的菌落。他发现，如果从光滑菌落中提取化学物质，并将其添加到粗糙菌落中，有时粗糙菌落会转变为光滑菌落。他接着探究是哪种化学物质导致了这种转变，并发现DNA是其原因。

Once again, just like with Mendel, this discovery was largely ignored.
It turned out to be controversial, too, because DNA is not a
particularly complicated molecule. Many scientists at the time thought
it was not sufficiently elaborate or complex to encode all the
information that genes must hold. But in fact, Avery was absolutely
right. DNA was responsible for inheritance; it was the material that
made up the gene.

然而，就像孟德尔的遭遇一样，这个发现再次被基本忽视了。它也引发了争议，因为DNA并非一个特别复杂的分子。当时许多科学家认为，它不够精巧或复杂，无法编码基因必须携带的全部信息。但事实上，艾弗里是完全正确的。DNA负责遗传，它就是构成基因的物质。

This was further shown in another set of beautiful experiments, this
time on the other side of the Atlantic in Cambridge, involving a variety
of people: Watson and Crick working in Cambridge, and Wilkins and
Franklin working in London. Some beautiful X-ray pictures of DNA were
taken by Rosalind Franklin, and Wilkins, who was also involved a little
before her. That revealed a very interesting diffraction image, which,
if interpreted properly, would indicate the structure of the molecule.
That is what Crick and Watson did. They interpreted those spots and
revealed that they could be explained if the structure of DNA was a
double helix.

这一点在另一组同样精彩的实验中得到了进一步证实，这次是在大西洋的另一边，由剑桥和伦敦的多位科学家共同完成：沃森（Watson）和克里克（Crick）在剑桥工作，威尔金斯（Wilkins）和富兰克林（Franklin）在伦敦工作。罗莎琳德·富兰克林拍摄了一些非常漂亮的DNA的X射线衍射图片，威尔金斯在此之前也参与了这项工作。这些图片揭示了一个非常有趣的衍射图像，如果能被正确解读，就能揭示分子的结构。而这正是克里克和沃森所做的工作。他们解读了这些衍射斑点，并揭示出，只有当DNA的结构是双螺旋时，才能解释这些图像。

What is a double helix? The way I like to explain it is like a ladder
with rungs. Each rung consists of two bases, one coming from each side
of the ladder. There are four types of bases, but a base beginning with
'A' is always linked to a base beginning with 'T', and another pair is
'G' and 'C'. This means that the side of the ladder is a string of
letters—A, G, C, T—and the complement is on the other side. This ladder
is then twisted into a helix, which is what DNA is made of.

什么是双螺旋结构？我喜欢把它比作一个带梯级的梯子。每个梯级由两个碱基组成，一个来自梯子的一侧，另一个来自另一侧。碱基有四种类型，但以字母'A'开头的碱基总是与以'T'开头的碱基配对，另一对是'G'和'C'。这意味着梯子的一侧是由A、G、C、T等字母组成的序列，而其互补序列则在另一侧。这个梯子随后被扭曲成螺旋状，这便是DNA的构成。

There are two really exciting features about this. The first is that it
conveys information, and the information is conveyed in the order of
those bases that make up the side of the ladder—the order of A, G, C,
and T. This is basically a digital information storage device. This is a
very economical way of storing information. Books are made up of
letters, which are digital information. The computers we use are all
made up of bytes, which is digital information. We like to think that we
humans invented this, but actually, it was invented by life probably 3.5
billion years ago. That is the information storage part of DNA.

关于这一点，有两个非常令人兴奋的特征。首先，它传递信息，而信息是通过构成梯子侧链的碱基顺序——即A、G、C、T的排列顺序——来传递的。这基本上是一个数字信息存储设备。这是一种非常经济的信息存储方式。书籍由字母构成，这是数字信息；我们使用的计算机由字节构成，这也是数字信息。我们总以为这是我们人类的发明，但实际上，生命可能在35亿年前就已经发明了它。这就是DNA的信息存储功能。

But it's even more beautiful than that, because its structure means it's
extremely easy to copy precisely. If you tear that ladder apart, you
will have half a rung on each side. You will have one of the bases, like
A, T, G, or C, and the other side will have the complementing bases. Now
you can copy those sides of the ladder and make a very precise copy,
producing not just one double helix, but two. And that is the basis of
heredity. It is very seldom that a particular experiment—the beautiful
X-ray structure discovered in London, and its interpretation in
Cambridge—explains the nature of heredity, how information is encoded,
and how that information is then precisely copied. It is a beautiful,
beautiful experiment.

但它的精妙之处远不止于此，因为其结构意味着它极易被精确复制。如果你将这个梯子拆开，每一侧都会有半个梯级，即一个碱基，如A、T、G或C，而另一侧则有其互补的碱基。现在，你可以复制梯子的每一侧，从而精确地制造出副本，最终产生两个而非一个双螺旋结构。这便是遗传的基础。一个特定的实验——在伦敦发现的美丽的X射线结构，以及在剑桥对其的解读——能够同时解释遗传的本质、信息编码的方式以及信息如何被精确复制，这是非常罕见的。这是一个无比美妙的实验。

DNA is central to understanding the cell cycle and the reproduction of
the cell. Because every time a cell reproduces, it has to copy that DNA
and segregate it into the two newly divided cells. Otherwise, they would
lack genes, lack hereditary material, and would not be able to survive.
This means this copying process, which occurs every cell cycle in a
phase we call S phase for DNA synthesis, must replicate every single
base pair in the genome with extraordinary precision. If it made
mistakes, genes would be damaged, and if they're damaged, the cell can't
work properly. So the copying is very precise, but a little bit of
damage does occur, and that turns out to be important for evolution, as
I'm sure we'll discuss later.

DNA对于理解细胞周期和细胞繁殖至关重要。因为每当一个细胞繁殖时，它都必须复制其DNA，并将其分配到两个新分裂的子细胞中。否则，子细胞将缺乏基因和遗传物质，无法存活。这意味着这个复制过程——发生在每个细胞周期的S期（DNA合成期）——必须以极高的精度复制基因组中的每一个碱基对。如果出现错误，基因就会受损，细胞就无法正常工作。因此，复制过程非常精确，但偶尔也会发生一些微小的损伤，而这对于进化来说，却至关重要，我们稍后会讨论这一点。

The idea of evolution by natural selection is, for me, probably the most
beautiful idea in biology. There are two things to consider here: one is
evolution itself—do animals and plants evolve? And the second is, what
is the mechanism by which it takes place? The idea that animals and
plants might evolve is actually quite old; even Aristotle had some
thoughts about it. Particularly in the 18th century, a number of people
speculated, looking at fossils and so on, that animals and plants had
evolved over time. But it took Charles Darwin in the middle of the 19th
century to come up with a mechanism: evolution by natural selection.

自然选择进化论，对我来说，可能是生物学中最美的思想。这里需要考虑两件事：一是进化本身——动植物会进化吗？二是，进化的机制是什么？动植物可能进化的想法其实相当古老，甚至亚里士多德也曾有过一些思考。特别是在18世纪，许多人在观察化石等证据后推测，动植物是随时间演变的。但直到19世纪中叶，查尔斯·达尔文才提出了一个机制：自然选择进化论。

He came to this position because of a five-year voyage he took in a
small Royal Naval boat called the Beagle that went around the world. He
collected animals, plants, and birds, studied the geology, and made
numerous natural history observations. This eventually led, in the
1840s, to his idea, which he didn't publish until 1859. It provided a
mechanism by which animals and plants could evolve, essentially
achieving design without a designer. How is that possible? It's a very
clever idea, based on the genes and cells I've already talked about.

他得出这一结论，源于他乘坐一艘名为“小猎犬号”（Beagle）的皇家海军小船进行的为期五年的环球航行。他收集了动植物和鸟类标本，研究地质，并进行了大量的自然历史观察。这最终在1840年代促成了他的思想，尽管他直到1859年才发表。它提供了一个动植物可以进化的机制，本质上是在没有设计者的情况下实现了“设计”。这怎么可能呢？这是一个非常巧妙的想法，其基础正是我已经谈到的基因和细胞。

He speculated that all living things have hereditary material. He didn't
know about genes, but he speculated that if this hereditary material had
variations that resulted in the living thing being different, then it
was possible that what was produced was a plant or an animal that could
grow faster or produce more offspring. This would mean that in the next
generation, there would be more of that particular variant. If it was
advantageous in its environment, it would eventually take over the whole
population. So you get a change from one type of organism into one that
was a bit different.

他推测，所有生命体都拥有遗传物质。他当时并不知道基因，但他推测，如果这种遗传物质存在变异，导致生命体产生差异，那么就有可能产生生长更快或繁殖更多的动植物。这意味着在下一代中，这种特定变体的数量会更多。如果这种变体在其所处环境中具有优势，它最终将主导整个种群。这样，一种类型的生物就演变成了另一种略有不同的生物。

I sometimes use a very simple model to explain that. Imagine a
single-celled organism with either a red coat or a yellow coat outside
the cell. Let's say the red-coated ones get eaten by some other
organism. Then, if there was a mutation that resulted in the red coat
turning into a yellow coat, the yellow-coated cells would survive better
than the red-coated ones. As a consequence, they would take over the
population. That's a very simple example of evolution by natural
selection, but it's built on the ideas I've been talking about. It's
built on the idea of genes and the fact that genes determine the
properties of cells. If you have genes determining the properties of
cells and the genes show some variability, you will simply get evolution
by natural selection.

我有时会用一个非常简单的模型来解释这一点。想象一个单细胞生物，其细胞外要么是红色外壳，要么是黄色外壳。假设红色外壳的生物被其他生物吃掉了。那么，如果发生了一个突变，导致红色外壳变成了黄色外壳，那么黄色外壳的细胞就会比红色外壳的生存得更好。结果，它们将主导整个种群。这只是自然选择进化论的一个非常简单的例子，但它建立在我一直在讨论的思想之上。它建立在基因的概念以及基因决定细胞特性的事实上。如果你有决定细胞特性的基因，并且这些基因表现出一定的变异性，你就会自然而然地得到自然选择进化论。

This was the idea Darwin had. He didn't know about genes, but he did
know about hereditary material. This has been a revolutionary change in
our understanding of biology because it leads to a better-designed
living thing without having a designer. It can occur just randomly by
naturally selecting for those changes that are more advantageous for
that living thing. It really is a beautiful idea.

这就是达尔文的思想。他不知道基因，但他知道遗传物质。这在我们的生物学理解上是一次革命性的变革，因为它导致了在没有设计者的情况下，生命体能被“设计”得更好。它仅仅通过自然选择那些对生命体更有利的随机变化而发生。这确实是一个美妙的思想。

One of the consequences of evolution is that we are all related by
descent. Because if we can all trace our ancestors back to a common
origin, then every living thing on this planet is related. This is
rather profound. The relatedness of all living things, and particularly
of humans to other life forms, was brought home to me in a very special,
almost spiritual way, when I was trekking through a Ugandan rainforest
looking for gorillas. We came across a whole family of them, 20 or 25. I
sat down behind a tree, a little separate from the rest of my group.
Then this very large male gorilla sat down in front of me and looked at
me with deep brown eyes. He put out his arm, bent down a sapling tree
two or three inches in diameter. I'm sure he was telling me, "I can do
this. I'm not sure you can."

进化的一个结果是，我们都由共同的祖先演化而来。因为如果我们都能将祖先追溯到一个共同的起源，那么这个星球上的每一个生命体都是亲戚。这相当深刻。所有生命体之间的亲缘关系，尤其是人类与其他生命形式的关系，以一种非常特殊、近乎精神体验的方式，让我深有感触。那是在我徒步穿越乌干达雨林寻找大猩猩的时候。我们遇到了一个完整的家族，大约有20到25只。我坐在一棵树后，与我的团队稍稍分开。这时，一只非常巨大的雄性大猩猩在我面前坐下，用深褐色的眼睛看着我。他伸出手臂，将一棵直径两三英寸的树苗弯了下来。我确信他是在告诉我：“我能做到这个，我不确定你行不行。”

But sitting there, just looking at him, seeing the similarities—his deep
brown eyes were really staring at me—it just looked like we were having
a conversation somehow. He sat and looked at me for a while, then he
climbed up the tree and peed all over me. So I don't really know whether
he was trying to put me in my place, but for sure it was a magnificent
interaction. Here I was, almost talking to a sort of relative diverged
five or ten million years ago. And it made me think of the deep
connection between all life on this planet. It's just that we diverged
further and further back.

但坐在那里，只是看着他，看到我们之间的相似之处——他深褐色的眼睛真的在凝视着我——感觉我们仿佛在进行某种对话。他坐着看了我一会儿，然后爬上树，朝我撒了一泡尿。所以我真的不知道他是不是想给我点颜色看看，但毫无疑问，那是一次壮丽的互动。我当时，几乎是在与一个五百万或一千万年前分化的亲戚交谈。这让我想到了这个星球上所有生命之间深刻的联系。我们只是在越来越久远的过去分道扬镳。

And that experiment I described, of taking the human gene and putting it
into a yeast cell and showing that the human gene could control the
reproduction of the yeast cell just as well as it could a human cell,
even though they diverged 1,500 million years ago, is another example of
the extraordinary similarity between living things. I think about this
quite a lot, because doesn't it mean, if we're related to every living
thing on the planet, that we have a special responsibility for every
living thing on this planet? They are really all our relatives. Do we
not have a responsibility to be a steward for all animals, plants, and
fungi? We have a responsibility for them. And it's the best argument
I've seen, in an abstract way, that we should take care of every living
thing that we can on this planet because we are related to every living
thing on the planet. They are our relatives.

我之前描述的那个实验——将人类基因植入酵母细胞，并证明这个人类基因能像控制人类细胞一样控制酵母细胞的繁殖，尽管它们在15亿年前就已经分化——是生命体之间非凡相似性的又一个例子。我经常思考这个问题，因为，如果我们与地球上的每一个生命体都有亲缘关系，这难道不意味着我们对地球上的每一个生命体都负有特殊的责任吗？它们确实都是我们的亲戚。我们难道没有责任成为所有动物、植物和真菌的守护者吗？我们对它们负有责任。从一个抽象的层面来看，这是我所见过的最好的论据，证明我们应该照顾好这个星球上我们能照顾的每一个生命体，因为我们与地球上的每一个生命体都有亲缘关系。它们是我们的亲戚。



## Chapter 5: Life = Chemistry + Information / 第五章：生命 = 化学 + 信息

<div class="text-block">

So, understanding that life's basic unit is a cell, that heredity is
central and involves the gene, and that evolution by natural selection
can create the diversity of life, doesn't actually tell you quite how
life works. For that, there are two ideas that I think are important.
The first of those is life as chemistry. Life is made up of molecules
and chemicals. If we study this, which is the study of biochemistry, you
quickly learn that a huge amount of very complicated chemistry is going
on all the time in a little cell. There are many thousands of chemical
reactions occurring constantly.

所以，理解生命的基本单位是细胞，遗传是核心并涉及基因，以及自然选择进化论可以创造生命的多样性，这些其实并没有完全告诉我们生命是如何运作的。要理解这一点，我认为有两个重要的思想。第一个是“生命即化学”。生命是由分子和化学物质构成的。如果我们研究这一点，即生物化学，你很快就会发现，在一个微小的细胞里，每时每刻都在发生着大量极其复杂的化学反应。有成千上万种化学反应在持续进行。

They are catalyzed by something we call enzymes, which are long
molecules called proteins. They are chains of amino acids, just as DNA
is a chain of bases. Proteins are chains of amino acids, and in all
cells, the sequence of different bases in the DNA specifies the type and
order of the amino acids in the proteins encoded by those genes. It is,
in fact, those proteins that are fundamentally responsible for the
characteristics of life.

这些反应由我们称之为“酶”（enzymes）的物质催化，酶是一种被称为“蛋白质”（proteins）的长链分子。它们是由氨基酸组成的链，就像DNA是碱基组成的链一样。在所有细胞中，DNA中不同碱基的序列决定了由这些基因编码的蛋白质中氨基酸的类型和顺序。事实上，正是这些蛋白质，从根本上决定了生命的特征。

These proteins, and there are many thousands of them—even in the simple
yeast cell that I studied, there are 5,000 genes encoding proteins—are
doing a myriad of chemical reactions at the same time. The reason they
can do this is that proteins are made up of amino acids, and there are
20 different types. Those amino acids have different chemical
properties: they can be basic or acidic, they can like or dislike water,
they can be bulky or not. All this means that proteins can fold up into
complicated shapes with different chemistries in different places, which
allows them to be incredibly efficient catalysts. A catalyst can change
one chemical into another, and it is the basis of the majority of
chemistry that we see in life.

这些蛋白质，数量有成千上万——即使在我研究的简单酵母细胞中，也有5000个基因编码蛋白质——它们同时进行着无数的化学反应。它们能做到这一点，是因为蛋白质由20种不同的氨基酸构成。这些氨基酸具有不同的化学性质：它们可以是碱性的或酸性的，亲水的或疏水的，体积大的或小的。这一切意味着蛋白质可以折叠成复杂的形状，在不同位置具有不同的化学性质，这使得它们成为极其高效的催化剂。催化剂可以将一种化学物质转变为另一种，这是我们在生命中看到的大多数化学反应的基础。

Once we understand that, we begin to see the relationship between
heredity and how the cell works. The genes encode the proteins, and the
proteins do the chemical work. This is a very powerful system for
producing very elaborate chemistries that can undergo all the chemical
reactions life needs. I want to emphasize how fantastic that is, because
I want you to imagine that in a tiny cell you need a microscope to see,
there are thousands of chemical reactions, all very different, going on
all the time, very close to each other.

一旦我们理解了这一点，我们就开始看到遗传与细胞运作之间的关系。基因编码蛋白质，而蛋白质执行化学工作。这是一个非常强大的系统，能够产生极其精密的化学反应，以完成生命所需的所有化学过程。我想强调这有多么奇妙，因为我希望你想象一下，在一个需要用显微镜才能看到的微小细胞里，有成千上万种截然不同的化学反应，在同一时间、在彼此非常接近的空间里进行着。

When we human beings build a chemical plant to do something similar, we
might only perform 20 or 30 chemical reactions. We have to input a lot
of heat or make it very acidic or alkaline. But these wonderful little
cells can do all of this simultaneously, with lots and lots of different
proteins, at the same time, in almost the same space. It is almost
miraculous how that works, and that is a foundation of life. That
chemistry is responsible for the growth of the cell, its reproduction,
and its ability to capture and use energy. All of that is explained by
this chemistry.

当我们人类建造一个化工厂来做类似的事情时，我们可能只能进行20或30种化学反应，并且需要输入大量的热量，或者使其处于强酸或强碱环境中。但这些奇妙的小细胞，却可以同时、在几乎相同的空间里，利用成千上万种不同的蛋白质完成所有这些工作。它的运作方式近乎奇迹，而这正是生命的基础。这种化学作用负责细胞的生长、繁殖，以及捕获和利用能量的能力。所有这一切，都可以用化学来解释。

One of the main ways in which cells can carry out all of this diverse
chemistry is that the cell is made up of lots and lots of little
compartments. The proteins themselves isolate one chemistry from another
because they keep them separate. Then we have structures in cells, which
are membrane-bounded components, where you have one set of chemistries
different from another. It is this compartmentation that allows all
these different chemistries to occur simultaneously in such a small
space. It is miraculous that it can work like that.

细胞能够进行所有这些多样化化学反应的主要方式之一，是细胞由许许多多的小隔间构成。蛋白质本身就将一种化学反应与另一种隔离开来，因为它们使反应保持分离。此外，细胞中还有一些由膜包围的结构，即细胞器，在这些结构中，进行着不同于其他区域的化学反应。正是这种“区室化”（compartmentation），使得所有这些不同的化学反应能够在一个如此狭小的空间里同时发生。它的运作方式堪称奇迹。

But what we have to realize is when we look at a cell and see all these
different structures within it, which we can see with a powerful
microscope, what we're looking at is lots and lots of different
chemistries going on in the same place within different compartments. So
it is really the compartments which are necessary for that huge range of
chemistry.

但我们必须认识到，当我们观察一个细胞并看到其内部所有不同的结构时——这些结构我们可以用高倍显微镜看到——我们实际上看到的是在同一个地方、不同隔间内进行着的大量不同的化学反应。因此，正是这些隔间，对于实现如此广泛的化学反应是必不可少的。

So life is chemistry, but life is also built on information. This is
perhaps the idea that is less well-accepted, but one that I think is
very important, because life has to constantly manage information. I
described that in the book in terms of a yellow butterfly, a brimstone
yellow, that I saw as a child and that started me thinking about life.
It flew into the garden, settled, took off, and left. All the while,
that butterfly was sensing its environment, taking in that information,
turning it into knowledge of what was happening, and then changing its
actions—maybe to avoid being eaten by a bird or to find a flower to
drink some nectar. You can understand how the butterfly operates in
terms of information: capturing information, managing it, and then
changing what you actually do. And that is central to life.

所以，生命是化学，但生命也建立在信息之上。这或许是一个接受度较低的观点，但我认为它非常重要，因为生命必须不断地管理信息。我在书中用一只黄色的蝴蝶——一只硫磺色的蝴蝶——来描述这一点。我孩童时看到它，从此开始思考生命。它飞进花园，停歇，起飞，然后离开。在整个过程中，那只蝴蝶一直在感知它的环境，接收信息，将信息转化为对周遭情况的认知，然后改变它的行为——或许是为了躲避鸟类的捕食，或许是为了寻找花朵吸食花蜜。你可以从信息的角度来理解蝴蝶的运作方式：捕获信息，管理信息，然后改变实际的行动。而这，是生命的核心。

Life is, and can only operate through, information. Let's take what I
said about chemistry and all those different compartments that allow
different chemistries to take place. That can only occur if there is
information transmission between different compartments to keep the
whole system coordinated. If you didn't keep it coordinated, the whole
thing could fall apart. It is very important to manage information for
life to work.

生命只能通过信息来运作。就以我刚才所说的化学和那些允许不同化学反应发生的隔间为例，这一切只有在不同隔间之间存在信息传递，以保持整个系统协调时，才可能发生。如果不能保持协调，整个系统就会崩溃。因此，管理信息对于生命的运作至关重要。

I use two examples to illustrate this. One is back to DNA. DNA is a
digital information storage device. The structure of DNA is such that it
is very stable and can store information for a very long time. But it
has to do work. To do work, that DNA information is copied into protein
structures, as I've explained. Proteins have a much more elaborate
chemistry that can do work, but this involves transferring information
from the DNA to the protein so the protein can function.

我用两个例子来说明这一点。一个回到DNA。DNA是一个数字信息存储设备。其结构非常稳定，可以长时间存储信息。但它必须执行功能。为了执行功能，DNA的信息被复制到蛋白质结构中，正如我所解释的。蛋白质具有更精密的化学性质，可以执行工作，但这涉及到将信息从DNA传递到蛋白质，以便蛋白质能够运作。

Another example is regulating how chemistry works in a cell. I described
a control system where, let's say, a gene is making a substance, and the
cell wants to keep that substance at a constant level. Cells have a very
clever mechanism whereby as that substance increases, it switches off
the gene, and when it decreases, it turns the gene on. So it maintains
the substance at a certain level. This is what we would call a negative
feedback control, and that maintains homeostasis; it keeps the whole
thing constant. But you only really understand that when you realize
there is information management going on here. The cell is measuring how
much of the substance it has and then using that information to
determine whether the gene should be switched on or off.

另一个例子是调节细胞内的化学反应。我描述了一个控制系统，比方说，一个基因正在制造某种物质，而细胞希望将这种物质维持在一个恒定的水平。细胞有一个非常巧妙的机制：当这种物质增加时，它会关闭该基因；当物质减少时，它会开启该基因。这样，它就将该物质维持在一定的水平。我们称之为“负反馈控制”（negative
feedback
control），它维持了“体内平衡”（homeostasis），使整个系统保持稳定。但你只有在意识到这里存在信息管理时，才能真正理解这一点。细胞在测量它拥有多少这种物质，然后利用这个信息来决定该基因应该被开启还是关闭。

So, information management is critical to understanding life, and I'm
going to push it one stage further. When we study the chemistry of life,
we describe the molecules and how they interact with each other and how
the atoms are spaced. But if we are to understand what that means in
terms of biology, it nearly always has to involve information. If we
take DNA, we could understand its structure and describe it in terms of
how one base is related to another, but it only makes biological sense
when it is seen as a digital information storage device. To understand
how life works, you need a combination of chemistry and information. And
I think that is the basis of all life.

因此，信息管理对于理解生命至关重要，我还要将这一点再推进一步。当我们研究生命的化学时，我们描述分子以及它们如何相互作用，原子如何排列。但如果我们要理解这在生物学上的意义，几乎总是需要涉及到信息。以DNA为例，我们可以理解其结构，描述一个碱基如何与另一个相关联，但只有当它被视为一个数字信息存储设备时，它才具有生物学意义。要理解生命如何运作，你需要将化学与信息相结合。我认为，这便是所有生命的基础。

When we think of information, we often think of the computer age,
artificial intelligence, and machine learning. That is related to the
information management we see in life, but it's done by completely
different processes. When we do it in a computer, "in silico," you have
hardware and software that drives it. In living things, it's a little
different. I sometimes use the term, which I didn't invent, "wetware."
In living things, it's not hardware, it's wetware. Because what's
happening is that information is managed by communication, using
molecules from one part of a cell to another, diffusing through liquid,
through water. This allows you to rewire the connections. So you don't
just change by software; you also change how things work by rewiring
connections. I see the digital world of computers as more of a metaphor
rather than a direct analogy.

当我们想到信息时，我们常常会想到计算机时代、人工智能和机器学习。这与我们在生命中看到的信息管理有关，但它们是通过完全不同的过程实现的。在计算机中，我们称之为“在硅中”（in
silico），有硬件和驱动它的软件。而在生命体中，情况有所不同。我有时会使用一个我并非原创的词——“湿件”（wetware）。在生命体中，不是硬件，而是湿件。因为这里发生的是，信息是通过通信来管理的，利用分子从细胞的一个部分扩散到另一个部分，通过液体，即水。这使得你可以重新连接线路。所以，你不仅通过软件来改变，还通过重新布线来改变事物的运作方式。我将计算机的数字世界更多地看作是一种隐喻，而非直接的类比。

Putting all these five ideas together, I think some principles emerge. I
tried to summarize them. Living things are bounded physical entities.
They are working as distinct selves. This is important, because
otherwise you get mixed up with things like computer games, which
sometimes have evolution built into them. These physical, bounded
entities separate a living thing from the rest of the world, so you can
increase your order within the cell as a consequence of increasing
disorder outside the cell. This means you don't have any problems with
the second law of thermodynamics. You can deal with that by being a
bounded entity.

将这五个思想整合在一起，我认为一些原则浮现了出来。我试图将它们总结如下。生命体是具有边界的物理实体。它们作为独立的个体运作。这一点很重要，否则你就会将其与像内置了进化机制的电脑游戏之类的东西混淆。这些有边界的物理实体将生命体与外部世界隔离开来，因此你可以在增加外部世界无序度的同时，增加细胞内部的有序度。这意味着你不会与热力学第二定律产生任何冲突。通过成为一个有边界的实体，你可以应对这个问题。

The bounded entity is described as a chemical and informational machine,
and that emerges from the ideas we've talked about. And then critically,
that informational chemical machine in a bounded entity has a hereditary
system that determines how it works, which has variability. Therefore,
the whole thing can evolve by natural selection. This means that the
living thing can acquire purpose—a purpose to be better adapted in the
life state it finds itself. So we can evolve living things from one type
into another. For me, that binds everything together, not in a neat
dictionary-like definition, but in a way that emphasizes the core
principles underlying life.

这个有边界的实体，可以被描述为一个化学和信息的机器，这源于我们已经讨论过的思想。然后，至关重要的是，这个有边界的实体内的化学信息机器，拥有一个决定其运作方式并具有变异性的遗传系统。因此，整个系统可以通过自然选择而进化。这意味着生命体可以获得“目的”——一个更好地适应其所处生命状态的目的。这样，我们就可以将生命体从一种类型进化成另一种。对我来说，这把所有东西都联系在了一起，不是以一种简洁的词典式定义，而是以一种强调生命背后核心原则的方式。





<div class="copy-button-container">

一键复制为Markdown
