---
title: "Ezra Klein on "Why Ezra Klein is So F***ing Angry (with Democrats)""
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-05-25"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: ""
  guest: "" 
  source: ""
---

<div class="container">

# Why Ezra Klein is So F\*\*\*ing Angry (with Democrats)

## Dialogue Transcript

<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj (Host - Voiceover):

I don't think I am cursing as much as that little montage of things
clipped from different podcasting interviews, making everybody in the
government of California should be embarrassed as we
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ed\]</span> up governance. Great, that just
promises more. That was a load of
<span class="bleep">\[bulls\*\*\*\]</span>. There's a lot of things
they're doing over there that I don't love. This
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ed\]</span> up and
<span class="bleep">\[bulls\*\*\*\]</span>. They're doing stupid
<span class="bleep">\[s\*\*\*\]</span> of copyright on lawsuits. You
have to be rip <span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ing\]</span> angry. You knew
what you were saying was <span class="bleep">\[bulls\*\*\*\]</span>.

我不认为我像那个从不同播客访谈中剪辑出来的片段那样频繁地咒骂，让加州政府里的每一个人都应该感到尴尬，因为我们把治理搞得一团糟。太好了，那只会承诺更多。那纯粹是胡说八道。他们在那里做的很多事情我都不喜欢。这真是乱七八糟，胡说八道。他们在诉讼中搞愚蠢的版权问题。你必须非常愤怒。你知道你说的都是废话。

Ladies and gentlemen, that was Ezra Klein. That was the end of Ezra
Klein's career at the New York Times. Ezra Klein has been explaining
American politics for 20 years. But what's changed over that time is
who's listening. Back in Ezra's Vox days, all my nerdy liberal friends
were Ezra Klein stans. They would send me Vox articles about the
Affordable Care Act or Dodd-Frank. And I pretended to read each and
every one. But today, Ezra has a much more powerful audience than a
bunch of Sacramento virgins. As a New York Times columnist and popular
podcaster, he has become a legit celebrity with very real influence in
the Democratic party. He was one of the first liberal pundits to admit
the thing that everybody already knew, that Joe Biden's brain had turned
into applesauce. And that column that he wrote had a huge impact. But
candidates and campaigns, they're not really Ezra's specialty. Ezra is a
policy guy. He loves policy. He literally once wrote that, quote, "The
point of politics is policy." Now, if you said that into a mic at a
Trump rally, you'd literally get booed off the planet. But Ezra has so
much to say about policy that he wrote a new book about it called
Abundance. So, I sat down with him to talk about the book, his recent
glow up, and what the <span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*\]</span> is up with
all the swearing.

女士们先生们，那是埃兹拉·克莱因。那是埃兹拉·克莱因在《纽约时报》职业生涯的终结。埃兹拉·克莱因解释美国政治已有20年。但这段时间里改变的是听众。早在埃兹拉在Vox工作的日子里，我所有书呆子般的自由派朋友都是埃兹拉·克莱因的铁杆粉丝。他们会发给我关于《平价医疗法案》或《多德-弗兰克法案》的Vox文章。我假装每一篇都读了。但今天，埃兹拉的听众比一群萨克拉门托的“处男”们（此处为比喻性贬低）强大得多。作为《纽约时报》的专栏作家和受欢迎的播客主持人，他已经成为一个货真价实的社会名人，在民主党内拥有非常真实的影响力。他是最早承认大家都已经知道的事情的自由派评论员之一——乔·拜登的大脑已经变成了苹果酱。他写的那篇专栏产生了巨大的影响。但是候选人和竞选活动，并非埃兹拉的专长。埃兹拉是个政策专家。他热爱政策。他确实曾写道，引用，“政治的重点在于政策。”现在，如果你在特朗普的集会上对着麦克风说这话，你简直会被嘘下台。但埃兹拉对政策有很多话要说，以至于他为此写了一本新书，名为《丰裕》。所以，我坐下来和他谈了谈这本书，他最近的“容光焕发”，以及他为什么说那么多脏话。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Y'all ready?

你们准备好了吗？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Yes.

是的。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Post 2024 election. I feel like Ezra's gone a little mask off. And dare
I say, you've started to pick up a bit of a potty mouth. Let's take a
look.

2024年大选后。我觉得埃兹拉有点“卸下伪装”了。恕我直言，你开始有点爱说脏话了。我们来看看。

\[Montage of Ezra Klein swearing plays\]

\[埃兹拉·克莱因说脏话的剪辑播放\]

You're not going to vote for them no matter what
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ing\]</span> policies they promise you.
Like, shut the <span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*\]</span> up with that. Oh,
get the <span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*\]</span> over it. It completely
sounded like what it actually is to me, which is
<span class="bleep">\[bulls\*\*\*\]</span>. A bunch of this was
<span class="bleep">\[bulls\*\*\*\]</span>, right?
<span class="bleep">\[F\*\*\*ing\]</span> stories about Haitian
immigrants eating dogs and cats. If it's so big, in a big way, Donald
Trump is president today because we did a shitty job on this with China.
Okay, I'm not here to judge. You're just here to collect.

不管他们向你承诺什么他妈的政策，你都不会投票给他们。比如，别他妈再说那个了。哦，他妈的别提了。这听起来完全就是它实际的样子，也就是胡说八道。这里面很多都是胡说八道，对吧？关于海地移民吃猫狗的该死的故事。如果问题这么严重，在很大程度上，唐纳德·特朗普今天能当上总统，是因为我们和中国在这件事上做得太差劲了。好吧，我不是来评判的。你只是来收集素材的。

But I am loving Mask Off, Ezra. This is
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ing\]</span> great.

但我很喜欢“卸下伪装”的埃兹拉。这真是太棒了。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

You know what's funny? If you go back to my podcast in the Vox days,
yeah, there's a little bit of cursing in there. There's some. I used to
get people… I'm not micro-aggressive. I'm a blue… I'm a blue pundit.

你知道有趣的是什么吗？如果你回顾我在Vox时期的播客，是的，里面确实有一些咒骂。有一些。我过去常常让人们……我不是微冒犯。我是一个蓝色的……我是一个蓝营的评论员。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Oh, gotcha. Okay.

哦，明白了。好的。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

And it happens at the time some. Yeah. Uh, we have the little explicit
tag on the show, right? I think since the election, more people have
been having me on their shows.

当时确实发生了一些。是的。嗯，我们的节目上有一个小小的“内容露骨”标签，对吧？我想自大选以来，有更多的人邀请我上他们的节目了。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Yes.

是的。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

And I'm a little freer. It is. It's wild when my editors aren't the ones
looking at the transcript.

而且我更自由一些了。确实如此。当我的编辑们不是看文字稿的人时，感觉很疯狂。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

It has been so fun to see an introvert turn into Samuel L. Jackson. But
the real question I want to ask you is, is the cursing appropriate?
Because I'm with it. It resonates with me, but is it appropriate for
you?

看到一个内向的人变成塞缪尔·L·杰克逊真是太有趣了。但我想问你的真正问题是，咒骂是否合适？因为我支持。它与我产生共鸣，但对你来说合适吗？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Um, I would not say I am doing it intentionally beyond it is the
language that is coming to my mind in a moment.

嗯，我不会说我是故意这么做的，除非那是我当下脑海中浮现的语言。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Got it.

明白了。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

But I will say one thing, which is that I have a view that you should
not make the language in which you talk about politics overly formal.
When I was young, I was reading… this is so… I got my start in
journalism as a blogger. Yeah. And I remember being in college and I was
reading some blog. It was by, uh, somebody who was anonymous, right? So
not even a big political blog, and at that time there wasn't even such a
thing as a big political blog. But I remember them writing about
something related to politics and using the word "props." And as dumb as
it sounds now, I mean, within the context meaning, I want to give this
person props. Got it. Okay. It was actually like a thunderbolt to me
because I'd never seen anybody write about politics in non-senatorial
language. I mean, all political writing up until then wore a bow tie.
Like it just all wore a bow tie. And you know, I was young and this is
like, "Oh, you could just write about it the way you would talk and
write about…" More colloquial, more colloquial. Yeah.

但我会说一件事，那就是我认为你不应该让你谈论政治的语言过于正式。我年轻的时候，我正在读……这太……我最初是以博主的身份开始我的新闻生涯的。是的。我记得我在大学时读过一个博客。是一个匿名人士写的，对吧？所以甚至不是一个大的政治博客，那时候甚至还没有大的政治博客这种东西。但我记得他们写了些与政治相关的东西，并使用了“props”（赞扬）这个词。尽管现在听起来很傻，我的意思是，在上下文中的意思是，我想给这个人赞扬。明白了。好的。这对我来说简直像晴天霹雳，因为我从未见过有人用非议员式的语言来写政治。我的意思是，在那之前，所有的政治写作都像是系着领结。就像它们都系着领结一样。你知道，我当时年轻，这就像，“哦，你可以就像你平时说话和写作那样来写它……”更口语化，更口语化。是的。

So, I don't think I am cursing as much as that little montage of things
clipped from different podcast interviews. But it's a run. It is a run.
And by the way, like I'm not… I am the other thing that is true is that
this is not… I always think you can do a kind of lying through affect,
which is… and I worry that I particularly have a tendency towards this
or you can have a misdirection by affect, which is that you're talking
about something people should not be calm about, but your temperament is
very calm.

所以，我不认为我像那个从不同播客访谈中剪辑出来的小片段那样频繁咒骂。但这是一段时期。这是一段时期。顺便说一下，比如我不是……另一件真实的事情是，这不是……我总是认为你可以通过情感表达来撒谎，这……我担心我尤其有这种倾向，或者你可以通过情感表达来误导，也就是说，你正在谈论一些人们不应该保持冷静的事情，但你的性情却非常冷静。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Oh, got it.

哦，明白了。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

And so I try when I'm actually upset about something for the emotion of
that anger, that sadness, that heartbreak, that enthusiasm to come out.
Now, cursing is one of the lazier ways to do it. It's not the only tool
in the toolbox, but I'm not self-editing away from it either. Um, when
that clip you played, which is from the first one you had, which is
like, uh, uh, you know, "get the <span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*\]</span>
out of here with that," that's from deep in a Pod Save America
interview. Sure. That's about, and this is maybe a good bridge to the
book, that's about the tendency for people to excuse away the anger that
residents of liberally-run cities feel about disorder, about crime. Yes.
About there being suddenly, uh, you know, an incredibly visible level of
immigration, about the fact that they can't afford a house. And
sometimes you will have liberals say, "Well, like I have this crime
chart and it shows the crime isn't going up." And you really do at some
point have to look around and ask, "Are you telling everybody there that
their experience is wrong because you looked at the table, or have you
like gone and searched out what your chart might be missing?" I get
personally frustrated at the tendency to tell voters, tell people their
experience of their life does not accord with your personal politics.

所以当我真的对某事感到不安时，我会努力让那种愤怒、悲伤、心碎、热情的的情感流露出来。现在，咒骂是其中一种比较懒惰的方式。它不是工具箱里唯一的工具，但我也没有刻意回避它。嗯，你播放的那个片段，就是你最初的那个，像是，呃，呃，你知道，“别他妈跟我说那个”，那是来自一个Pod
Save
America访谈的深处。当然。那是关于，这也许是通往这本书的一个好桥梁，那是关于人们倾向于为自由派管理的城市的居民对混乱、对犯罪感到的愤怒找借口。是的。关于突然出现的，呃，你知道，一个非常明显的移民水平，关于他们买不起房子的事实。有时你会听到自由派人士说，“嗯，比如我这里有这个犯罪图表，它显示犯罪率并没有上升。”你确实在某个时候必须环顾四周并问，“你是在告诉那里的每个人，他们的经历是错误的，因为你看了表格，还是你已经去查找了你的图表可能遗漏了什么？”我个人对那种告诉选民，告诉人们他们的人生经历与你的个人政治观点不符的倾向感到沮丧。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Well, well, this is important because I wanted to open with that game to
talk about something more substantial. Why are you so mad?

嗯，嗯，这很重要，因为我想用那个游戏开场，来谈论一些更实质性的东西。你为什么这么生气？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

So, there's different directions to be mad on. There's an abundance of
anger I'm feeling at the moment. I mean, we are talking and by the time
this comes out, who knows what will have happened. It's very hard to
keep any commentary current for more than three and a half hours right
now. But we're talking at a moment when like Trump and Musk and Vance
are lighting fire to the constitutional system, overturning the economy
for no reason. They're trying to deport a kid with a green card for acts
of speech. They're not even claiming he committed a crime. Right? We are
in an incredibly dark political timeline. And so I'm furious at them for
their decisions, right? And the wanton cruelty inside of them. Well, one
of the things that I find almost… there is no bottom to my distaste for
the way they exalt in cruelty. Uh, and I haven't actually said this
anywhere before, but they had this the other day. Um, it was actually a
couple weeks ago now, but "they" meaning the president. "They" meaning
the president and but it was the White House X account. Okay. And it
was, I think it was called, um, "Immigration ASMR." And it was, you know
what ASMR videos are, these sort of, you know, they're sort of calming,
soothing, like somebody doing bubble pop.

所以，生气的方向有很多种。此刻我感到无比愤怒。我的意思是，我们正在谈话，等到这个节目播出时，谁知道会发生什么。现在很难让任何评论保持超过三个半小时的时效性。但我们谈论的这个时刻，特朗普、马斯克和万斯正在点燃宪法体系的火焰，无缘无故地颠覆经济。他们正试图因为言论行为驱逐一个持有绿卡的孩子。他们甚至没有声称他犯罪了。对吧？我们正处在一个极其黑暗的政治时间线中。所以我对他们的决定感到愤怒，对吧？以及他们内心的肆意残忍。嗯，我发现其中一件事几乎……我对他们沉溺于残忍的方式的厌恶是没有底线的。呃，我以前实际上没有在任何地方说过这个，但他们前几天做了这件事。嗯，实际上是几周前了，但“他们”指的是总统。“他们”指的是总统，但那是白宫的X账户。好的。我想它叫做，嗯，“移民ASMR”。你知道ASMR视频是什么，就是那种，你知道，它们是那种平静、舒缓的，就像有人在捏泡泡纸一样。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Sure. Ezra Klein's voice and then like someone's playing with marbles.
Yeah. Yeah.

当然。埃兹拉·克莱因的声音，然后像是有人在玩弹珠。是的。是的。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

But it was immigrant… it was the manacles they were shaking and
dragging, the manacles they are using when they deport people. Right. It
was the ASMR of deporting immigrants as their metal manacles, right?
Jingling. Even if you want to deport these people, right? The idea that
you would tweet that out is, you know, and then Elon Musk with his
stupid little cry-happy funny cry face thing, right? Um, they're not
good people. That cruelty and the lack of decorum is what you're saying.

但那是移民……那是他们在晃动和拖拽的镣铐，是他们在驱逐人时使用的镣铐。是的。那是驱逐移民时金属镣铐发出的ASMR声音，对吧？叮当作响。即使你想驱逐这些人，对吧？你竟然会把这个发到推特上，你知道，然后埃隆·马斯克带着他那个愚蠢的又哭又笑的滑稽哭脸表情，对吧？嗯，他们不是好人。你说的就是那种残忍和缺乏礼仪。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Yeah. As Adam Serwer said, like "the cruelty is the point."

是的。正如亚当·瑟沃所说，“残忍本身就是目的”。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

I'm not saying the… the yeah, the lack of decorum isn't the thing,
right? Their lack of decorum, fine. There is a… like virtue matters.
Like virtue matters in politics, it matters in human beings. And when
you walk down this road with yourself, when you begin to wring the
virtue out of yourself, even like again, political opinions aside,
whatever you think about immigration aside, when you begin to make
cruelty a meme, a thing you do for the applause of the crowd, when you
want to see the crowd, when it's not that the lion has to eat the
combatant, it's that you want to see the person suffer. Like, so that's
one side of it, right? That we are living through an age when we have
elected some of the worst people to do some of the worst things. And
then yeah, we on my side of the aisle, we
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ed\]</span> up governance and we explained
it away again and again and again. And we can talk about it nationally,
where I think in some ways the problem has been less bad, but at the…
in, you know, I'm Californian, you're Californian. Um, and I like the
people in many cases who lead the government in California, Gavin Newsom
and others. And California is losing hundreds of thousands of people
every year because they can't afford to live there, right? Uh, in San
Francisco, in Los Angeles, like I'm from outside LA. I lived in SF
during a bunch of the writing of this book. And you know, I had friends
who were moving away because they couldn't afford to raise families in
the place that they protected in some cases, the place that they served,
the place where they treated the sick and fought fires. And we have been
explaining this away.

我不是说……是的，缺乏礼仪不是重点，对吧？他们缺乏礼仪，好吧。有一种……比如美德很重要。美德在政治中很重要，在人类中也很重要。当你和自己一起走上这条路，当你开始从自己身上榨取美德，即使再次强调，撇开政治观点不谈，撇开你对移民的看法不谈，当你开始把残忍变成一个梗，一件你为了博取人群掌声而做的事情，当你希望看到人群，当问题不在于狮子必须吃掉角斗士，而在于你希望看到那个人受苦。比如，那是问题的一方面，对吧？我们正生活在一个时代，我们选出了一些最坏的人来做一些最坏的事情。然后是的，我们这边的人，我们搞砸了治理，并且一次又一次地为之辩解。我们可以在全国范围内讨论这个问题，我认为在某些方面问题没有那么严重，但是在……你知道，我是加州人，你也是加州人。嗯，在很多情况下，我喜欢加州政府的领导者，比如加文·纽森等人。而加州每年流失数十万人口，因为他们负担不起在那里的生活，对吧？呃，在旧金山，在洛杉矶，我来自洛杉矶郊外。我写这本书的很多时候都住在旧金山。你知道，我有一些朋友搬走了，因为他们无法在他们曾经保护的地方，在他们曾经服务的地方，在他们治疗病人和扑灭火灾的地方养家糊口。而我们一直在为这种现象辩解。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Michael Bloomberg used to say that New York City is a luxury good,
right? It is a luxury good and so it should be priced like a luxury
good. What do you mean this "explaining away"? Graphs, details, like
those sort of things?

迈克尔·布隆伯格曾经说过，纽约市是一种奢侈品，对吧？它是一种奢侈品，所以它的定价也应该像奢侈品一样。你说的“辩解”是什么意思？图表、细节，诸如此类的东西吗？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

No, I don't mean graphs or details. I mean just being okay with it.

不，我不是指图表或细节。我指的是对此安然接受。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Oh, hand-waving it.

哦，轻描淡写地处理它。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

This is how… hand-waving it, saying it's the other people's fault, not
fixing it.

就是这样……轻描淡写，说是别人的错，而不是去解决它。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Got it. Or when government fails. Every per… everybody in the government
of California should be embarrassed as
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*\]</span> over high-speed rail.

明白了。或者当政府失败时。加州政府里的每一个人都应该为高铁项目感到无比尴尬。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

See, there it was. There it was. Um, and they should have done something
to make sure it never happens again. Okay? And they haven't. If you
redid high-speed rail in California today, it would not go any
differently. That's embarrassing. It's not that we failed the first
time. It's that we would fail the second. The Second Avenue subway in
New York City, most expensive per kilometer rail project ever in human
history. The second… the next phase of it is projected to cost more per
kilometer. That's what we should be embarrassed of. Right.

看，就是这样。就是这样。嗯，他们本应该采取措施确保这种事情不再发生。好吗？但他们没有。如果今天在加州重修高铁，结果不会有任何不同。这很尴尬。问题不在于我们第一次失败了。而在于我们第二次也会失败。纽约市的第二大道地铁，是人类历史上每公里造价最昂贵的铁路项目。第二……它的下一阶段预计每公里成本会更高。这才是我们应该感到羞愧的。是的。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Can I ask a two-part follow-up to what you just said? I've heard and…
and argue this back to me because I actually agree with you. I think
virtue matters. In Hindi, there's a word called "izzat" which means
dignity and self-respect. Like the way in which you carry yourself, you
should have "izzat," like I'm not going to do that. That would be
demeaning of me. There are people that have argued that you know, those
memes that get posted, uh, Trump had that meme on Valentine's Day,
"Roses are red, violets are blue, if you're illegal we will deport you."
And it looked like a Valentine's Day card that my friend… Exactly. And I
heard from many people, some people make the argument, they go, "Good.
Have the ugliness just be as out there as possible. Why hide it under
decorum in soft language?" Um, what do you say to that? I have a lot of
friends that feel that way. They're like, "Good. Really interesting. I
want to see the pimple. I want to see the ugly
<span class="bleep">\[s\*\*\*\]</span> white head for what it is. I want
to see the bulbous white pus that's inside of it. And don't… don't use
Mac Foundation to cover it up with some pretty soft language."

关于你刚才说的，我可以问一个两部分的问题吗？我听说过……并且请你反驳我，因为我其实同意你的看法。我认为美德很重要。在印地语中，有一个词叫“izzat”，意思是尊严和自重。比如你为人处世的方式，你应该有“izzat”，比如我不会做那种事。那会贬低我自己。有人认为，你知道，那些被发布的表情包，呃，特朗普在情人节发过那个表情包，“玫瑰是红色的，紫罗兰是蓝色的，如果你是非法的，我们会驱逐你。”它看起来就像我朋友……完全正确。我从很多人那里听说，有些人提出这样的论点，他们说，“好。让丑陋尽可能地暴露出来。为什么要用委婉的语言和礼仪来掩盖它呢？”嗯，你对此怎么看？我有很多朋友都这么觉得。他们就像，“好。真的很有趣。我想看到那个痘痘。我想看到那个丑陋的白色脓头本来的样子。我想看到里面鼓胀的白色脓液。不要……不要用Mac粉底液和一些漂亮的软话来掩盖它。”



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

I don't… That was the first question that I don't think it's impossible,
yeah, to have a grand distance between the bureaucratization and the
cruelty. Right. So the movie, um, \*The Zone of Interest\*. Yeah. Uh, if
I… I don't know what it would have meant to go see this movie, which is
about the, uh, German town on the other side of a concentration camp and
just its normalcy. But you… it's just like seemed like to me, which I've
not seen it, like a tough way to spend an evening. But that movie, from
everybody who did see it and everything I read about it, I mean it's
haunting just even to think about it. So you can have an extraordinary
gap between the normal, the mechanistic workings of government, and the
horrific heart of what that government is doing. But I think typically
you don't. And say behind that, behind \*The Zone of Interest\*, Hitler,
he didn't hide the ball. You can go read \*Mein Kampf\*, right? Hitler
was clear, like the ugliness was part of it. The violence was always
part of it. The hatred was always part of it. You unleash these forces.
We are creatures who are barely civilized. Barely civilized. When you
make it part of the way that you get ahead in a political party is to
unleash the part of yourself, to grow the part of yourself that treats
other human beings as less than human, that treats them with contempt. I
think a lot about JD Vance as a person. Um, I think about him as a
person, not because I'm so… not because of his political views. I knew
JD Vance when he had different political views. Okay. Um, but I think
it's so wild that you know these people for a long time. I, again, as a
comedian, we know… we know them as like almost like Pokémon characters.

我不……那是第一个问题，我不认为这是不可能的，是的，在官僚化和残忍之间存在巨大的鸿沟。对。所以那部电影，嗯，《利益区域》。是的。呃，如果我……我不知道去看这部关于集中营另一边的德国小镇及其日常常态的电影意味着什么。但是你……对我来说，虽然我没看过，但那像是一种艰难的度过夜晚的方式。但那部电影，从所有看过它的人以及我读到的所有关于它的东西来看，我的意思是，仅仅想到它就令人毛骨悚然。所以你可以在正常的、政府机械运作的方式和政府所做之事的恐怖核心之间存在巨大的差距。但我认为通常情况下你不会。比如说在那背后，在《利益区域》背后，希特勒，他没有隐藏真相。你可以去读《我的奋斗》，对吧？希特勒很清楚，丑陋是其中的一部分。暴力一直是其中的一部分。仇恨一直是其中的一部分。你释放了这些力量。我们是几乎没有开化的生物。几乎没有开化。当你把释放自己的一部分，培养自己那部分将其他人视为非人、以蔑视态度对待他们的天性，作为你在政党中取得进步的方式时。我经常思考作为个体的J.D.万斯。嗯，我把他看作一个人，不是因为我如此……不是因为他的政治观点。我认识J.D.万斯的时候，他有不同的政治观点。好的。嗯，但我认为你认识这些人这么久，这太疯狂了。我，再次强调，作为一名喜剧演员，我们知道……我们把他们几乎看作是宝可梦角色。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

When JD Vance was on my podcast back in maybe it was 2012. Sure. You
know, back in the initial \*Hillbilly Elegy\* days.

当J.D.万斯上我的播客时，大概是2012年。当然。你知道，在最初《乡下人的悲歌》的那些日子里。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Um, virtue was really important to him. Decency was… it was something he
didn't like about Donald Trump. And one of the things that frightens me
about the modern Republican party is watching people give themselves
personality transplants in order to get ahead in it. Watching them
unleash a cruelty and anger that maybe was always inside of them, maybe
is put on for show and then becomes real. Elise Stefanik didn't used to
be like this. Ted Cruz, who I've never liked in politics, didn't used to
be like this. So many of them have imitated the worst part of Donald
Trump's character.

嗯，美德对他来说非常重要。体面是……这是他不喜欢唐纳德·特朗普的一点。现代共和党让我感到恐惧的事情之一是，看着人们为了在其中取得进步而给自己进行人格移植。看着他们释放出一种可能一直存在于他们内心的残忍和愤怒，也许是为了表演而装出来的，然后变成了真实的。伊莉斯·斯特凡尼克以前不是这样的。泰德·克鲁兹，我在政治上从未喜欢过他，以前也不是这样的。他们中的许多人模仿了唐纳德·特朗普性格中最坏的部分。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Oh, got it. To come up behind him.

哦，明白了。为了追随他而上位。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Got it. You're cosplaying to change who you are. You're not cosplaying
because you become what you force yourself to be. It's like all the kids
online who get into anti-Semitism because it's edgelord humor and soon
enough we're actually, you know, little neo-Nazis.

明白了。你通过角色扮演来改变自己。你不是在角色扮演，因为你会变成你强迫自己成为的样子。这就像所有那些因为边缘领主式的幽默而陷入反犹太主义的网络上的孩子，很快我们就真的变成了，你知道的，小新纳粹分子。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Got it.

明白了。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

We are… the parts of yourself that you exercise get stronger. And so
that thing, right, like that the cruelty is really there, um, and it's
better if we can see it. I'm not saying that there's nothing to it,
right? You can have something that is so well hidden under bureaucracy
that you really are unable to fight the thing at the heart of it because
they have layered it in such a maze of complexity, right? But that's
usually not what happens. And institutions are structures of formation;
they form the people in them. And when you begin to make part of the
thing you have to do… another good example of this is the lying, right?
From Sean Spicer in the first term saying it was the biggest
inauguration crowd ever, to the fact that to get ahead in Republican
party politics, you had to pretend to believe that Donald Trump won the
2020 election, that it was rigged. When you, even if you knew what you
were saying was <span class="bleep">\[bulls\*\*\*\]</span>, when you
begin to stomp on the part of yourself that is uncomfortable deceiving
people in public, then that part of yourself begins to die.

我们是……你锻炼的自身部分会变得更强。所以那件事，对吧，比如那种残忍确实存在，嗯，如果我们能看到它会更好。我不是说这毫无道理，对吧？你可能有一些东西被官僚机构掩盖得很好，以至于你真的无法对抗其核心问题，因为他们把它层层包裹在如此复杂的迷宫中，对吧？但这通常不是发生的情况。机构是形成的结构；它们塑造了其中的人。当你开始把某件事变成你必须做的一部分……另一个很好的例子是撒谎，对吧？从第一任期肖恩·斯派塞说那是史上最大的就职典礼人群，到为了在共和党政治中取得进步，你必须假装相信唐纳德·特朗普赢得了2020年大选，选举是被操纵的。当你，即使你知道你说的都是废话，当你开始践踏自己那部分对在公开场合欺骗他人感到不适的自我时，那么你那部分的自我就会开始消亡。



------------------------------------------------------------------------

\[Ad break about Booking.com and ZipRecruiter\]

\[Booking.com 和 ZipRecruiter 的广告时段\]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

You said something on Colbert. You said Democrats like government but
don't make it work. Republicans try to make government fail. I was
watching it and I was like, expound on that. But you didn't have time.
You had to like get to the act break.

你在科尔伯特节目上说过一些话。你说民主党人喜欢政府，但却不能让它有效运作。共和党人则试图让政府失败。我当时在看，心想，详细说明一下。但你没有时间。你得赶在节目间歇之前结束。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Uh, I think in a way that's the core of this book.

嗯，我认为在某种程度上，这是这本书的核心。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Got it.

明白了。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

So there is this ideological collusion that is contrary to our typical
story of politics. We have this typical story of politics. The left
likes big government. It wants government to do things. The right hates
government. It wants to destroy government. Partially right. The right
hates parts of the government, as we were just talking about with the,
um, deportation love letter. They like a big police state. They like a
big surveillance state. They like a big national security state. They
want the government to have incredible powers to imprison, to harm, to
investigate. But the left has a very divided soul about government.
There's a part of the left that does want government to do big things.
And then there's a left that emerged particularly in the back walls,
people like Ralph Nader and Rachel Carson, who are responding to the
excesses of New Deal pro-growth liberalism. We were building too fast.
We weren't thinking about what we were making. We were, you know,
despoiling streams and clear-cutting forests. And Robert Moses was
cutting highways through places where, you know, black people lived and
wasn't getting any input from that community. And we sort of built a lot
of ways to check the power of the government. We… if you look at how
environmental law works in this country.

所以存在这种与我们通常的政治叙事相反的意识形态勾结。我们有这种典型的政治叙事。左派喜欢大政府。它希望政府有所作为。右派憎恨政府。它想摧毁政府。部分正确。右派憎恨政府的某些部分，正如我们刚才谈到的，嗯，驱逐出境的情书。他们喜欢庞大的警察国家。他们喜欢庞大的监视国家。他们喜欢庞大的国家安全机构。他们希望政府拥有令人难以置信的权力来监禁、伤害、调查。但左派对政府的态度非常分裂。左派中有一部分确实希望政府做大事。然后还有一部分左派，尤其是在幕后出现的，像拉尔夫·纳德和蕾切尔·卡逊这样的人，他们是对新政时期亲增长自由主义的过度行为做出回应。我们建设得太快了。我们没有思考我们在制造什么。我们，你知道，污染溪流，砍伐森林。罗伯特·摩西在黑人居住的地方修建高速公路，并且没有征求那个社区的任何意见。我们建立了很多制衡政府权力的方式。我们……如果你看看这个国家的环境法是如何运作的。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Yeah. So just for the listeners who haven't read the book yet, you do
this… you kind of wax poetic about in the 60s and 70s, basically, uh,
there were a lot of critical lawsuits against companies that were doing
things that were environmentally harmful to…

是的。所以对于那些还没读过这本书的听众，你这样做……你有点诗意地描述了60年代和70年代，基本上，呃，有很多针对那些做对环境有害的事情的公司的关键诉讼……



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

But more than that, there were new laws passed because the way they
worked was they made it easy to sue the government.

但不仅如此，还通过了新的法律，因为它们的运作方式是让起诉政府变得容易。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Yes. You know, that's what the National Environmental Policy Protection
Act is.

是的。你知道，这就是《国家环境政策保护法》。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Yes. There are tons of these bills at the state and local level that the
way they work is they create an avenue for you to sue the government,
particularly if the government did not do enough research and assessment
of the likely consequences of an action. And the question that that suit
is asking is not "Is this thing good or bad for the environment?" It's
"Was this aspect of the thing considered? Were possible mitigation
strategies discussed?" And so over time, these, say, environmental
reviews went from, I think it was like an average of seven pages to
thousands of pages as people realized they had different ways to sue
them. And so they're all built now to do sort of cover… uh… on lawsuits.
But this is true across a lot of different domains. And so what you have
is, uh, in, you know, even particularly in blue states, a government
that is hobbled from action by well-meaning liberal legislation that was
worried about government doing too much and ended up creating government
that does too little.

是的。在州和地方层面有大量这样的法案，它们的运作方式是为你创造一条起诉政府的途径，特别是如果政府没有对行动可能产生的后果进行足够的研究和评估。而那场诉讼提出的问题不是“这件事对环境是好是坏？”而是“这件事的这个方面是否被考虑到了？是否讨论了可能的缓解策略？”因此，随着时间的推移，这些，比如说，环境审查报告从平均大约七页增加到数千页，因为人们意识到他们有不同的方式来起诉。所以它们现在都被设计成用来应对……呃……诉讼。但这在许多不同领域都是如此。所以你看到的是，呃，在，你知道，尤其是在蓝州，一个因善意的自由派立法而行动受阻的政府，这些立法担心政府做得太多，结果却导致政府做得太少。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Isn't there a little bit of this "cut the red tape and let builders
build and let us get <span class="bleep">\[s\*\*\*\]</span> done"? Isn't
that a bit of a conservative argument?

难道这里面没有一点“减少繁文缛节，让建筑商去建设，让我们把事情搞定”的意思吗？这难道不有点像是保守派的论点吗？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

There is, but it has one distinction that I think people… people don't
actually think about that much, which is yes, it is that there is a lot
of red tape. Yeah. Too often in politics, we're sort of affective about
things. If you're a liberal, you know, you're supposed to be
pro-regulation and sort of to discount ideas or news stories where
regulation is bad. If you're a conservative, you're pro-deregulation.
Um, so there are places where liberals should not be pro-regulation. We
have way over-regulated building houses on the private market. But the
other thing that I think people don't think about at all here is
deregulating government itself. And what we have often done is we've
over-regulated government. Not necessarily the private market, right?
Although sometimes yes, the private market too. Yeah. And so sometimes
when I talk about housing with my sort of more leftist friends, they'll
say, "Well, the answer here is public housing."
<span class="bleep">\[F\*\*\*ing\]</span> great. I want… I live on a
block with tons of public housing. I love public housing. Right? Under
the rules that we currently build public housing, which are more
difficult than the rules under which we build private housing, the
government cannot afford… there is no possible way for the government to
solve housing problems by building public housing because it has made
that public housing functionally impossible to construct on time, on
budget, etc. You would need to restructure the way the government itself
builds. Again, that's high-speed rail, right, in California. So the
private sector wasn't the main ones doing high-speed rail. That was the
government. And we made it… when the government does things, the
government has to hit a much higher standard than the private sector in
order to do very complex builds. And then it doesn't get them done. And
then we lose even more faith in the government. Then we put it under
even more rules for audits and oversight, which makes it even harder to
get anything done. And you get this vicious cycle of public failure,
public distrust, more regulation, more public failure, more public
distrust, etc.

是的，但它有一个我认为人们……人们实际上没有太多思考的区别，那就是，是的，确实存在很多繁文缛节。是的。在政治中，我们常常对事物带有情感色彩。如果你是自由派，你知道，你应该支持监管，并且倾向于低估那些认为监管不好的观点或新闻报道。如果你是保守派，你支持放松管制。嗯，所以有些地方自由派不应该支持监管。我们在私人市场上建造房屋方面过度监管了。但我认为人们在这里完全没有考虑到另一件事，那就是放松对政府本身的管制。而我们经常做的是过度管制政府。不一定是私人市场，对吧？尽管有时是的，私人市场也是。是的。所以有时当我和我那些更左倾的朋友谈论住房问题时，他们会说，“嗯，这里的答案是公共住房。”太他妈棒了。我想要……我住在一个有很多公共住房的街区。我喜欢公共住房。对吧？根据我们目前建造公共住房的规则，这些规则比我们建造私人住房的规则更困难，政府负担不起……政府不可能通过建造公共住房来解决住房问题，因为它已经使得公共住房在功能上不可能按时、按预算等方式建造。你需要重组政府自身的建设方式。再说一次，那就是高铁，对吧，在加州。所以私营部门不是高铁项目的主要承担者。那是政府。我们使得……当政府做事时，政府必须达到比私营部门高得多的标准才能进行非常复杂的建设。然后它又完不成。然后我们对政府更加失去信心。然后我们又给它加上更多的审计和监督规则，这使得做任何事情都更加困难。于是你就陷入了公共失败、公众不信任、更多监管、更多公共失败、更多公众不信任等等的恶性循环。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Yes. I mean, are you basically saying that regulation has kind of gotten
in the way of the American dream in 2025?

是的。我的意思是，你基本上是说，在2025年，监管在某种程度上阻碍了美国梦吗？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Some regulation. We… we want these things that I consider to be a bit
childish. Yeah. We want… we want to be able to say government is good or
government is bad, or regulation is good or regulation is bad. It's just
not how life works. Some regulation is bad. Some regulation is good.
There are things… I would like, for instance, environmental laws. Yes.
That deregulate our ability to build clean energy and more intensely
regulate the building of fossil fuel infrastructure. I want to make it
harder to build things that leak methane and carbon and carbon dioxide
into the air. I want to make it easier to site solar panels, to do
interstate transmission lines. Right now, the whole theory of
decarbonization is we're going to move the entire economy functionally
onto electricity. We have all these things where, you know, you pump oil
into your car. What you're going to do is you're going to plug your car
into something, right? That's electric vehicles. But that means what
we're going to do is increase the amount of electricity we need to
generate by something like two or three times. So now we need to
generate two or three times more electricity. And we need to turn all
the electricity we're currently generating from dirty sources over to
clean ones. So we need to build all of this electricity. Yeah. Because a
lot of it's going to be solar and wind. There are places you have more
solar and wind power. At least it's easier and more efficient to
generate it. Then you got to move it from there. We don't have enough
transmission lines to do that. So you need to build a bunch of them, but
we're not building nearly enough because you've made it incredibly hard
to do. So you need to deregulate in a way… you… what I really say is you
need to consolidate the authority to build transmission lines. It all
unfortunately is like case by case by case. And it's why the core idea
of the book is that you need to ask what do we need more of, and then
you need to work backwards as to why it's so hard to get.

某些监管。我们……我们想要这些我认为有点幼稚的东西。是的。我们想……我们想能够说政府是好的或政府是坏的，或者监管是好的或监管是坏的。生活不是这样的。有些监管是坏的。有些监管是好的。有些事情……例如，我希望有环境法。是的。这些法律放松对我们建设清洁能源能力的管制，并更严格地监管化石燃料基础设施的建设。我想让建造会向空气中泄漏甲烷、碳和二氧化碳的设施变得更困难。我想让选址太阳能电池板、建设州际输电线路变得更容易。现在，脱碳的整个理论是我们将整个经济在功能上转向电力。我们有很多这样的东西，你知道，你给汽车加油。你将要做的是把你的车插到某个东西上，对吧？那就是电动汽车。但这意味着我们将需要增加大约两到三倍的发电量。所以现在我们需要产生两到三倍的电力。我们需要把目前所有由污染源产生的电力转向清洁能源。所以我们需要建设所有这些电力。是的。因为其中很多将是太阳能和风能。有些地方有更多的太阳能和风能。至少在那里发电更容易、更高效。然后你必须把它从那里输送出去。我们没有足够的输电线路来做到这一点。所以你需要建造很多，但我们建造的远远不够，因为你让这件事变得极其困难。所以你需要以某种方式放松管制……你……我真正想说的是，你需要整合建设输电线路的权力。不幸的是，这一切都像是逐案处理。这就是为什么这本书的核心思想是，你需要问我们需要更多什么，然后你需要反向思考为什么这么难得到它。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Can you articulate what the title "Abundance" means? Because the way you
closed your Colbert segment was it was an overarching idea of hope and
abundance for your children. But what specifically needs to be abundant?

你能阐明标题“丰裕”的含义吗？因为你结束科尔伯特节目片段的方式是，这是一个关于为你的孩子们带来希望和丰裕的总体构想。但具体来说，什么需要丰裕呢？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

The… I would call them the factors of production. Okay. What we really
focus on in the book is housing. Yeah. Clean energy. Gotcha. State
capacity, the ability of government to do things, scientific innovation
and the implementation, the manufacturing and deployment of those
innovations. Which the point there is like we invented the solar panel
in this country, right? But we let China make so many of them and we
made it so hard to make them here. Then now China completely owns solar
panel manufacturing and then they've started to own the innovations on
that. They're just better at building.

那些……我会称之为生产要素。好的。我们在书中真正关注的是住房。是的。清洁能源。明白了。国家能力，即政府做事的能力，科学创新以及这些创新的实施、制造和部署。这里的重点是，比如我们在这个国家发明了太阳能电池板，对吧？但是我们让中国制造了那么多，而且我们让在这里制造它们变得如此困难。然后现在中国完全拥有了太阳能电池板的制造，然后他们开始拥有这方面的创新。他们在建设方面就是更强。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

What's wild is when we were going over the book, we were riffing and we
kind of felt there was… there is these weird parallels that you're
making that Tech MAGA also absolutely agrees with. So I was wondering,
have you found yourself as you've gotten older to be personally becoming
more conservative?

令人惊讶的是，当我们讨论这本书时，我们即兴发挥，感觉你提出的这些观点与科技MAGA（指科技界的特朗普支持者）的观点有着奇怪的相似之处，他们也完全同意。所以我在想，随着年龄的增长，你是否发现自己个人变得更加保守了？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

No, I think I've become more like…

不，我想我变得更像是……



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Can I give an example for me and then you can like… you can answer. I'm
not… this is not like a gotcha. So sometimes I'll be driving into the
city to our studio. Our studio's here, it's near Grand Central Station.
I'll be driving in and I have a Toyota, not to brag, and sometimes I'll
hit that fourth or fifth pothole and I'll be like, if I hit another
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ing\]</span> pothole, the next sign that I
see that says "I'm a developer and I'm going to fix the pot…" I'll vote
for you. I will literally vote for you.

我可以举一个我自己的例子，然后你可以……你可以回答。我不是……这不是想抓你把柄。所以有时候我会开车进城去我们的工作室。我们的工作室在这里，靠近中央车站。我会开车进去，我开的是丰田车，不是吹牛，有时候我会撞到第四个或第五个坑洼，然后我就会想，如果我再撞到一个该死的坑洼，我看到的下一个牌子如果写着“我是一个开发商，我会修好这个坑……”我会投票给你。我真的会投票给你。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Well, I guess if that's what it means… the reason I sort of, um, don't
just say yes to that question is I just don't think this maps onto a
simple single dimension of conservatism and liberalism. If we even know
what those mean anymore because I'll say one thing for sure. I don't
think Donald Trump and the Republican party that he leads are
conservatives. I don't think they've been conservatives for a long time.
Yeah. Maybe if we had the conservatives of George Romney, Mitt Romney, I
would find parts of that appealing. Uh, maybe. Although I also want a
much more powerful… this is my argument with my leftist friends who, um,
sometimes when I… there's a thing I that me and Derek criticize, Derek
Thompson is my co-author on the book, criticize called "everything bagel
liberalism." You know, it's where you sort of layer way, way, way, way
too much into a single project. So, you know, in order to build this
affordable housing, you also need to hit these green building standards
and do a higher than normal ventilation standard and and and and pay
prevailing wage or higher and finally you've made it so you can't
actually complete the affordable housing development because you've got
so many good things in there. Yeah. Um, that in like I have my… there
are the liberals or people who I understand myself to be ideologically
aligned with who will then push me. It's like, "Well, you don't want to
like… you don't want this to be, you know, green energy, you know, green
code compliant." And you're like, "You're like, I can't get everything
into your left because I want a government capable of delivering on the
things it promises. And you want a government, yes, that just promises
more <span class="bleep">\[s\*\*\*\]</span>."

嗯，我想如果那是它的意思……我之所以，嗯，不直接对那个问题说“是”，是因为我只是不认为这能简单地映射到保守主义和自由主义的单一维度上。如果我们还知道那些词是什么意思的话，因为我肯定会说一件事。我不认为唐纳德·特朗普和他领导的共和党是保守派。我不认为他们长期以来是保守派。是的。也许如果我们有乔治·罗姆尼、米特·罗姆尼那样的保守派，我会发现其中一些部分有吸引力。呃，也许吧。尽管我也想要一个更强大的……这是我和我的左派朋友们的争论点，他们，嗯，有时候当我……我和德里克批评一件事，德里克·汤普森是我的书的合著者，批评一种叫做“万能百吉饼自由主义”的东西。你知道，就是你把太多太多的东西叠加到一个单一的项目中。所以，你知道，为了建造这个经济适用房，你还需要达到这些绿色建筑标准，做一个高于正常的通风标准，并且支付现行工资或更高，最终你使得你实际上无法完成经济适用房的开发，因为你把太多好东西都放进去了。是的。嗯，那就像我有我的……有些自由派或者我认为在意识形态上与我一致的人，他们会反驳我。就像，“嗯，你不想让……你不想让这个，你知道，是绿色能源，你知道，符合绿色规范。”然后你就像，“你就像，我不能把所有东西都塞进你的左派观点里，因为我想要一个能够兑现其承诺的政府。而你想要一个，是的，只会承诺更多废话的政府。”



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Well, you talk about this thing in the book called "procedure fetish."
Okay. You say Democrats and progressives have this thing called
"procedure fetish." Now, what does that mean? Because it sounds like
something you would see on an NSFW Discord for attorneys. Like what is
"procedure fetish"?

嗯，你在书中谈到一种叫做“程序迷恋”的东西。好的。你说民主党人和进步人士有这种叫做“程序迷恋”的东西。那么，这是什么意思呢？因为它听起来像是在一个律师专用的NSFW（不宜在工作场所浏览）Discord频道上会看到的东西。比如什么是“程序迷恋”？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Uh, that's a term from Nicholas Bagley. Okay. Who is an administrative
law professor at Michigan, uh, at, um, he was the lead counsel, I'm just
establishing some bona fides here, for Gretchen Whitmer, Governor
Gretchen Whitmer. Yeah. And so this is his law review article, "The
Procedural Fetish." And what he basically says is that, so first,
liberalism has developed… it has centered itself professionally around
the legal profession. So, uh, between… until Tim Walz, the last
presidential or vice presidential candidate Democratic ticket, yeah,
it's a wild stat, who was… who did not go to law school was I believe
Walter Mondale. Like you got to go back that far to find even one,
right? I mean, Lincoln was a lawyer though, right? Like there's a lot
of… there's a lot of lawyers. The point is that you should never have a
lawyer. The point is that does it need to be the case that you never
don't have a lawyer? Right? The point is that liberals became highly
legalistic. It's not like that on the Republican side, right? I mean,
there are lawyers. JD Vance is a lawyer, but it's a mix of things. And
the point that Bagley is making is that the legalistic way of looking at
the law asks a very important question, which is how does government
attain legitimacy? Government has all this power. How do you make that
power legitimate? And the lawyers, because they're lawyers, there's
nothing wrong with this, you just want to balance it out, is it is
legitimate because it follows the agreed upon process, not because it
achieves the agreed upon outcome, which is some parliamentary procedure
<span class="bleep">\[bulls\*\*\*\]</span>.

呃，那是尼古拉斯·巴格利提出的一个术语。好的。他是密歇根大学的行政法教授，呃，在，嗯，他是格雷琴·惠特默州长的首席法律顾问，我只是在这里建立一些资历。是的。所以这是他的法律评论文章，《程序迷恋》。他基本上说的是，首先，自由主义已经发展……它在专业上以法律界为中心。所以，呃，在……直到蒂姆·沃尔兹，上一位民主党总统或副总统候选人，是的，这是一个惊人的数据，谁是……没有上过法学院的，我相信是沃尔特·蒙代尔。你得追溯到那么久远才能找到一个，对吧？我的意思是，林肯是律师，对吧？有很多……有很多律师。重点不是你永远不应该有律师。重点是，是否需要你永远不能没有律师？对吧？重点是自由派变得高度法律化。共和党那边不是这样的，对吧？我的意思是，有律师。J.D.万斯是律师，但这是一个混合体。巴格利提出的观点是，法律主义看待法律的方式提出了一个非常重要的问题，那就是政府如何获得合法性？政府拥有所有这些权力。你如何使这些权力合法化？而律师们，因为他们是律师，这本身没什么错，你只是想平衡一下，认为它是合法的，因为它遵循了商定的程序，而不是因为它达到了商定的结果，这简直是一些议会程序的胡扯。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

So bullet… Oh my god. Jesus, I'm talking that talk. Wow. Well, the
dichotomy, and I want to… I want to pitch this for you while you're on
the press tour for the book. The way I see it and the way it's being
articulated is it's almost like there's the rule follower party versus
the rule breaker party. And there is in every small business owner and
every entrepreneur that I know, whether it's a group of comedians
starting at a <span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ing\]</span> open mic at a
bar all the way up to someone who is opening a small restaurant to… I
know so many people that are trying to pursue the American dream. But
that's the dichotomy. Yeah. Rule followers versus rule breakers. And I
do think Tech MAGA and Trump are speaking to the rule breaker party. And
my question to you is, how do you get a bunch of Democratic Lisa
Simpsons to all of a sudden "wild out" because Nelson is the president?
Yes. And you're fundamentally asking these nitpicking litigators to
behave a little bit like Nelson and "wild out" and that's… that's like…
that's such a… I don't know if I'm articulating that right, but that is
so contrarian to their core of who they are.

所以要点……哦我的天。天啊，我竟然在说这种话。哇。嗯，这种二分法，我想……我想在你为这本书做宣传巡回时向你推销这个观点。在我看来，以及它被阐述的方式，就好像有一个守规矩的党派和一个打破规矩的党派。在我认识的每一个小企业主和每一个企业家身上都有这种体现，无论是一群在酒吧他妈的开放麦上开始的喜剧演员，还是一直到开小餐馆的人……我认识很多试图追求美国梦的人。但这就是二分法。是的。守规矩的人对阵打破规矩的人。我确实认为科技MAGA和特朗普正在对打破规矩的党派说话。我的问题是，你怎么能让一群民主党的丽莎·辛普森们突然因为纳尔逊当了总统而“狂野起来”？是的。你基本上是在要求这些吹毛求疵的诉讼律师表现得有点像纳尔逊一样“狂野起来”，那……那就像……那太……我不知道我是否表达清楚了，但这与他们核心的本质是如此背道而驰。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

So, you know, my first book was on political polarization. Yeah. And one
of the arguments of that book is that polarization… why we're so
divided, right? Why we're polarized. One of the arguments of that book
is that polarization can become a totalizing process. It begins with
something kind of natural, right? In the mid-century, the political
parties weren't even ideologically distinct. You had liberals in the
Republican party, conservatives in the Democratic party. So when people
would vote for, you know, their Democratic member of the House, they
might not get, you know, a party that reflected in any way the ideology
they voted for at that individual level. Yada yada yada story about why,
you know, we sort of split into liberals and conservatives being
Democrats and Republicans and that makes sense. But then it's sort of
like it doesn't know where to stop. And one of the things that begins to
happen is you psychologically polarize. The parties become
temperamentally very different. And one way you can actually see this is
in something that happened really just in the last couple of years. My
friend Matt Yglesias calls it the "crank realignment." Okay. So you used
to have a bunch of cranks in both parties. And on the right… I thought
you were talking about drugs. I was like, wait, okay, go ahead. Um, you
had on the right a certain kind of conspiracy theorist, right? Think
about the John Birch Society from the past. You think about the sort of
people who believed, you know, Bill Clinton was running a vast murder
ring, right? You have a sort of crankish Republican party. It can be
very like, you know, worried about the globalists, all that. And on the
left, you had the sort of anti-GMO, "I don't know about these vaccines,"
like crunchy, very granola. Yeah. Yeah. RFK Jr. is a very good example
of a left crank. Okay. And he used to be on the left crank, like he used
to be like a left crank on Air America. And the thing where he's now in
the Republican party speaks to a way the party is psychologically
polarized. The Democrats became the party of people who like the… who
like the systems. Right? If you think about those lawn signs, you know,
"No human being is illegal. We believe in science." It's not that you
believe in science. You believe in scientific institutions. You're not
out there running experiments. You're sort of assuming that what the
experts tell you is true. Okay? And the reason you hate RFK Jr. is he
saying what the experts tell you is not true? And I'm not an RFK Jr. fan
either. Like that dude should not be HHS Secretary. But there was
something healthy about the fact that the parties were a little bit
divided in this way, that you had on the left, you know, populists who
were very skeptical of corporations. I mean, you think about Adbusters,
right? Skeptical of all the advertising. And on the right, you had its
own sort of versions of this. But now it's like the Democrats are the
party of manners, a party of systems, a party… and the Republican party
is the other thing. You were saying rule breakers. I think the right
likes to think of themselves as rule breakers, but they're not.

所以，你知道，我的第一本书是关于政治极化的。是的。那本书的论点之一是极化……我们为什么如此分裂，对吧？我们为什么会极化。那本书的论点之一是极化可能成为一个总体化的过程。它始于某种自然而然的事情，对吧？在本世纪中叶，政党甚至在意识形态上都没有区别。共和党里有自由派，民主党里有保守派。所以当人们投票给，你知道，他们的民主党众议院议员时，他们可能得不到一个在任何方面反映他们个人层面投票支持的意识形态的政党。诸如此类的故事，关于为什么，你知道，我们某种程度上分裂成自由派和保守派，分别成为民主党和共和党，这说得通。但后来它就好像不知道在哪里停止了。开始发生的事情之一是你心理上两极分化了。政党在性情上变得非常不同。实际上，你可以通过最近几年发生的一件事看到这一点。我的朋友马特·伊格莱西亚斯称之为“怪人重组”。好的。所以过去两个党派都有一些怪人。而在右翼……我以为你在说毒品。我当时想，等等，好吧，继续。嗯，右翼有某种阴谋论者，对吧？想想过去的约翰·伯奇协会。想想那些相信，你知道，比尔·克林顿经营着一个庞大的谋杀集团的人，对吧？你有一种古怪的共和党。它可能非常像是，你知道，担心全球主义者，诸如此类。而在左翼，你有那种反转基因、“我不知道这些疫苗怎么样”的，像是很天然、很格兰诺拉麦片式的。是的。是的。小罗伯特·肯尼迪是左翼怪人的一个很好的例子。好的。他过去是左翼怪人，就像他过去在Air
America上是一个左翼怪人。而他现在在共和党这件事，说明了政党在心理上是如何两极分化的。民主党成了喜欢……喜欢体制的人的政党。对吧？如果你想想那些草坪标语，你知道，“没有人是非法的。我们相信科学。”不是说你相信科学。你相信科学机构。你不是在那里做实验。你某种程度上假设专家告诉你的都是真的。好吗？而你讨厌小罗伯特·肯尼迪的原因是他说专家告诉你的不是真的？我也不是小罗伯特·肯尼迪的粉丝。比如那家伙不应该当卫生与公众服务部部长。但政党以这种方式略有分歧，这在某种程度上是健康的，左翼有，你知道，对公司非常怀疑的民粹主义者。我的意思是，想想Adbusters，对吧？对所有广告都持怀疑态度。而在右翼，有它自己版本的这些东西。但现在就像民主党是礼仪的政党，体制的政党，一个政党……而共和党是另一回事。你说的是打破规则的人。我认为右翼喜欢把自己看作是打破规则的人，但他们不是。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

You don't think what's happening right now that they're breaking the
rules?

你不认为现在发生的事情是他们在打破规则吗？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Well, I can't even keep up with how many… They're autocrats. I ask
myself, I'm like, is this a… They're autocrats. Okay. It is a part… It
is an authoritarian party that follows its leader. You can't break
Donald Trump's rules, right? People always say these things you can't
say on the left, right? The left is so censorious, like it doesn't let
you say anything. Try being a Republican and getting ahead right now and
saying, "You know what? Donald Trump and Elon Musk are breaking the law
left and right, and Donald Trump, of course, didn't win the 2020
election. That was a load of bullshit." Try saying that in the
Republican party and see how far you get. So, it's so… the problem is
the right is autocratic and the left is bureaucratic.

嗯，我甚至跟不上他们有多少……他们是独裁者。我问自己，我想，这是……他们是独裁者。好的。这是一个……这是一个追随其领导人的威权主义政党。你不能打破唐纳德·特朗普的规则，对吧？人们总是说这些你在左翼不能说的话，对吧？左翼如此爱挑剔，好像它不让你说任何话。现在试着当一个共和党人并取得进步，然后说：“你知道吗？唐纳德·特朗普和埃隆·马斯克正在肆意违法，当然，唐纳德·特朗普没有赢得2020年大选。那纯粹是胡说八道。”试着在共和党里说这话，看看你能走多远。所以，问题在于右翼是独裁的，而左翼是官僚的。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Got it. And they… but would they argue, again, I don't agree with what
they're doing. Would they argue, hey, we're breaking the existing rules
because the existing rules suck? Like the existing rules of why are we
playing the game this way?

明白了。他们……但是他们会争辩说，再次强调，我不同意他们的所作所为。他们会争辩说，嘿，我们正在打破现有的规则，因为现有的规则很糟糕吗？比如，我们为什么要这样玩这个游戏的现有规则？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

I wouldn't… My point is not that the right isn't breaking rules or
breaking laws. Yeah. My point is that it's not rebellious. It is a
top-down personality cult. Okay. Which makes it dangerous. Yeah. I
would… There's a lot of things they're doing over there that I don't
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ing\]</span> love. Like, let's be clear.
Sure. But if they were passing them legally, my view is that's the
outcome of an election, right? You can get rid of USAID. That is your
power as a political party, right? If you can pass it, you can do it.
Nothing illegal about that. The Constitution doesn't say we have USAID.
Just going in and closing it down overnight, you can't do that. Like
that is against the law. So, I mean, they did do it. Yeah. So, and I do
think Dem… like I if I want Democrats to learn anything from them. Yeah.
I want them to learn that a lot of the things that they have treated as
inviolable, you know, "Oh, our lawyer said we couldn't do this." A lot
of that was just norms. There were there was a lot more you could have
done than you did. Yeah. And in not doing it. Yeah. You ran government
badly and people got fed up with you.

我不会……我的观点不是右翼没有打破规则或违法。是的。我的观点是它不是叛逆的。它是一个自上而下的人格崇拜。好的。这使它变得危险。是的。我会……他们在那里做的很多事情我他妈都不喜欢。比如，让我们说清楚。当然。但如果他们是合法地通过这些，我的观点是那是选举的结果，对吧？你可以摆脱美国国际开发署。那是你作为政党的权力，对吧？如果你能通过它，你就能做到。这没有任何违法之处。宪法并没有说我们有美国国际开发署。仅仅是进去然后一夜之间关闭它，你不能那样做。那样的行为是违法的。所以，我的意思是，他们确实那样做了。是的。所以，我确实认为民主党……比如如果我想让民主党从他们身上学到任何东西。是的。我想让他们学到，他们过去认为不可侵犯的很多事情，你知道，“哦，我们的律师说我们不能这样做。”其中很多只是规范。你本可以做的比你实际做的多得多。是的。而在没有这样做的情况下。是的。你把政府管理得很糟糕，人们对你感到厌倦了。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Can I make a pitch? It's a bit of a leap, but I'm kind of "yes, and-ing"
what you're saying and tell me if you follow me here. There is the way
you were saying where the Democratic Party is like, "Well, my lawyer
said…" or "Well, the censor said…" or "No, like this very like no, no,
we can't" type energy, is the whole Luigi phenomenon a symptom of this
as well? In a world where the majority of people use pleasantries or
Twitter fingers to do something, there is something kind of bold about
action in the face of frustration.

我能提个建议吗？这有点跳跃，但我有点像是在“是的，而且”你所说的，告诉我你是否跟得上我的思路。你刚才说民主党总是说“嗯，我的律师说……”或者“嗯，审查员说……”或者“不，就像这种非常像‘不，不，我们不能’的能量”，整个路易吉现象（指主动行动而非空谈）也是这种现象的一个症状吗？在一个大多数人使用客套话或推特手指（空谈）来做事的时代，面对挫折时的行动本身就带有一种大胆的意味。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

I think it's completely true, right? And it's always one of the appeals
of authoritarians or strongmen. "I alone can fix it." Um, there are ways
that you're doing something. How many times have you heard like "do
something"? One of the… I used to have as my Twitter, um, back way, way,
way old days of Twitter. I used to have a, um, I will out myself as a
nerd here, a comic panel from the incredible… God, it's Aja and
Fraction. I forget their first names, but an incredible Hawkeye run in
Marvel comics. And it was just this picture from this one panel of a
newspaper headline that said, "Everything is horrible. Please somebody
do something."

我认为这完全正确，对吧？这始终是独裁者或强人的吸引力之一。“只有我能解决它。”嗯，有些方式表明你正在做某事。你听过多少次“做点什么”这样的话？其中一个……我以前的推特，嗯，在很久很久以前的推特时代。我曾经有一个，嗯，我在这里要暴露我的书呆子身份了，一个来自一部令人难以置信的漫画……天啊，是阿哈（David
Aja）和弗莱克逊（Matt
Fraction）。我忘了他们的名字，但那是漫威漫画中一个令人难以置信的《鹰眼》系列。那只是一个漫画分镜里报纸标题的图片，上面写着，“一切都糟透了。请有人做点什么。”



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Yeah. Like that's at the core of politics. Yep.

是的。那就像是政治的核心。没错。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Right. Or the famous Occupy Wall Street sign,
"<span class="bleep">\[S\*\*\*\]</span> is
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ed\]</span> up and
<span class="bleep">\[bulls\*\*\*\]</span>." Yeah. One of the huge
mistakes Democrats made with Joe Biden was even though they did do quite
a lot, they left open the entire field of performing the doing of a lot.
Biden at 82 was simply not able to project any kind of mastery of events
and that was devastating. People do want leadership particularly at
times when the world feels unruly and disordered. Now Trump, like, is
going to go… is already going… I mean the guy is… it took Biden 221 days
for his approval ratings to turn net negative. It's taken Donald Trump
about a month. So this is not working. But yeah, you got to give people
a deep sense, which is both about what you're going to do and about how
you do it, that you see that society is on some fundamental level a bit
deranged. And you're going to try to fix it.

对。或者那个著名的“占领华尔街”标语，“操蛋的事情搞砸了，全是胡扯。”是的。民主党在乔·拜登身上犯下的巨大错误之一是，尽管他们确实做了很多，但他们却完全没有展现出做了很多事情的姿态。82岁的拜登根本无法展现出对事件的任何掌控力，这具有毁灭性的影响。人们确实需要领导力，尤其是在世界感觉混乱无序的时候。现在特朗普，比如，将会……已经……我的意思是，那家伙……拜登的支持率花了221天才转为净负。唐纳德·特朗普大约花了一个月。所以这行不通。但是是的，你必须给人们一种深刻的感觉，这既关乎你将要做什么，也关乎你如何做，让他们看到社会在某种根本层面上有点错乱。而你将努力修复它。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Is there… And look, there was a genius to Donald Trump on the first day
of his presidency signing those executive actions in public. Yeah. And
throwing the pen out, right? There is a lot for Democrats to learn from
the Trump administration. There is a lot for them. I pitched this to
Senator Elizabeth Warren, by the way. I said the Democrats have to pick
up a little bit… a little bit of the WWE energy. Yeah. A little bit of
the "bill and throw in the pen" is like a… Yeah. It's get… got a t-shirt
cannon full of regulations.

有没有……你看，唐纳德·特朗普在他总统任期的第一天公开签署那些行政命令，这很有天才之处。是的。然后把笔扔掉，对吧？民主党有很多可以从特朗普政府那里学到的东西。他们有很多可以学的。顺便说一下，我向参议员伊丽莎白·沃伦提出了这个建议。我说民主党必须学一点……一点WWE（世界摔角娱乐）的能量。是的。一点点“签署法案然后扔掉笔”就像是……是的。就像……拥有一台装满法规的T恤大炮。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Totally. There… there's a lot you can do. Um, and yeah, the part of the
appeal, I mean to be fair, he said this very explicitly, and this is an
old Steve Bannon thing. They're trying to give an incredible impression
of action, which they are doing. Now, the problem with that, and the
reason they're going to sour people on it, yes, is that they are
overwhelming not just the rest of us, but themselves. They have no idea
what they're doing. They do not have some intentional resources we don't
have. Look how often Elon Musk is tweeting, right? Like these people are
not paying close attention. They are saying yes to things coming from
all parts of the administration. They are not red-teaming it in the
sense of like going to the agency be like, "What will happen if we do
this?" You're having big internal fights in that administration over,
say, firing a bunch of air traffic controllers and planes are falling
out of the sky. They're doing stupid
<span class="bleep">\[s\*\*\*\]</span> and things are going to break.
But on the other side, this thing where you have to wait for everything
to go through an endless inter-agency process, this thing where you
will, you know, pass 42 billion for rural broadband and years later not
a single home will be hooked up to rural broadband. You have to be rip
<span class="bleep">\[f\*\*\*ing\]</span> angry about that, right? Like
even if it's under you, you have to be angry about it. You have to be up
there pounding the table in front of people. A genius of Donald Trump
always in his first term is that he always seemed mad about his own
government. Like how fast it was moving, what it was doing and not
doing. He didn't own everything. Like there's things that were not in
his power and he made sure you knew it. Um, and he made sure you shared
his impatience. Bernie Sanders is also really good at this as a
politician. Bernie Sanders has voted for a million bills Bernie Sanders
thinks are completely watered down quarter measures and he both votes
for those bills, tells you he voted for them, and he rails against how
far we still have to go. You do not have to own everything you don't
like about government because you are part of government and you sure as
hell don't have to stop trying to fix it.

完全正确。有很多……有很多你可以做的事情。嗯，是的，吸引力的一部分，公平地说，他非常明确地说了这一点，这是史蒂夫·班农的老一套了。他们试图给人一种令人难以置信的行动印象，他们也确实在这样做。现在，问题在于，以及他们会让人们对此感到厌恶的原因，是的，是他们不仅压倒了我们其他人，也压倒了他们自己。他们不知道自己在做什么。他们没有我们所没有的某些刻意安排的资源。看看埃隆·马斯克多久发一次推特，对吧？这些人并没有密切关注。他们对来自政府各部门的事情都说“是”。他们并没有从“红队演练”（即进行批判性评估）的角度去问机构，“如果我们这样做会发生什么？”那个政府内部正在为比如解雇一群空中交通管制员而发生激烈的内部斗争，然后飞机就会从天上掉下来。他们在做愚蠢的<span class="bleep">\[事情\]</span>，事情会出问题。但另一方面，那种你必须等待所有事情都经过无休止的跨部门流程，那种你会，你知道，通过420亿美元用于农村宽带，然后多年后没有一个家庭能接入农村宽带。你必须对此感到无比愤怒，对吧？比如即使这是在你手下发生的，你也必须对此感到愤怒。你必须在人们面前拍桌子。唐纳德·特朗普在他第一任期内的一个天才之处在于，他似乎总是对自己的政府感到不满。比如它行动的速度，它在做什么和不做什么。他并没有掌控一切。比如有些事情不在他的权力范围内，他确保你知道这一点。嗯，他确保你感受到他的不耐烦。伯尼·桑德斯作为一名政治家也非常擅长这一点。伯尼·桑德斯投票支持了无数他认为完全是
watered down
的权宜之计的法案，他既投票支持这些法案，告诉你他投票支持了它们，同时他又猛烈抨击我们还有多远的路要走。你不需要为政府中所有你不喜欢的事情负责，因为你是政府的一部分，你也绝对不应该停止努力去修复它。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Yeah. I want to pivot, um, from something global to something a little
bit more local, which is you, Ezra Klein. How often I curse now, you're
cursing more. You have a hit podcast called The Ezra Klein Show. Um, and
it's now become a video podcast. Uh, you're doing Colbert, you're doing
the media rounds. You have gone from being voice famous to video famous.
Dare I say, Ezra, you've had a glow up. People keep saying this. Let's
take a look.

是的。我想转换一下话题，嗯，从全球性的事情转到一些更地方性的事情，那就是你，埃兹拉·克莱因。我现在多久咒骂一次，你咒骂得更多了。你有一个热门播客叫做《埃兹拉·克莱因秀》。嗯，现在它也变成了视频播客。呃，你上科尔伯特的节目，你参加各种媒体活动。你已经从声音出名变成了视频出名。恕我直言，埃兹拉，你“容光焕发”了。人们一直在这么说。我们来看看。

\[Image comparison of Ezra Klein, before and after "glow up"\]

\[埃兹拉·克莱因“容光焕发”前后的照片对比\]

You went from high school librarian to this. What's it like? What's it
like?

你从高中图书管理员变成了这样。感觉怎么样？感觉怎么样？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

But you know what's funny? I'm wearing… I am currently wearing that
shirt.

但你知道有趣的是什么吗？我穿着……我现在就穿着那件衬衫。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Oh, the same… the same shirt. Not like I have bought another version of
it. It's the same shirt. It is this shirt. So, just keep that in mind.

哦，同一件……同一件衬衫。不是说我买了另一件同款。就是同一件衬衫。就是这件衬衫。所以，请记住这一点。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Well, well, how does it feel having your Chris Pratt moment? You went…
you went from likable guy on a sitcom to I'm doing TRT and I'm a Marvel
superhero.

嗯，嗯，迎来你的克里斯·帕拉特时刻感觉如何？你从……你从一个情景喜剧里讨喜的家伙变成了“我正在做睾酮替代疗法，我是一个漫威超级英雄”。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

I'm glad people feel that way. I grew a beard and what I will say is
that it has changed my public image more than I would have thought.

我很高兴人们这么觉得。我留了胡子，我想说的是，这比我想象的更能改变我的公众形象。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

How you feeling?

你感觉如何？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

I guess I'm feeling fine. I don't know. I'm worried about the state of
the world.

我想我感觉还行。我不知道。我担心世界的状况。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Man, it's okay to say that you're feeling yourself. And look, I'm not
here to grill you. I'm not here to ask you the hard question, but can I?
Yeah. Look, did you take any inspiration from someone that you may or
may not know? Let's take a look.

老兄，承认你自我感觉良好没什么大不了的。而且你看，我不是来盘问你的。我不是来问你难题的，但我可以问吗？是的。看，你有没有从某个你可能认识或不认识的人那里获得灵感？我们来看看。

\[Side-by-side image of Ezra Klein and Hassan Minhaj with similar
hairstyles\]

\[埃兹拉·克莱因和哈桑·明哈吉发型相似的并排照片\]



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Is that… Did you go to your barber and when they have the poster on the
wall and they say, "What do you want?" Did you point to my photo?

那是……你是不是去了你的理发师那里，当他们墙上挂着海报，他们问你，“你想要什么发型？”的时候，你指了指我的照片？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

I just sort of have a shirt. It's just no no. Ezra, Ezra, you got the
high to mid taper with the right part. You're not even wearing this
thing, man.

我只是碰巧有件衬衫。不不不。埃兹拉，埃兹拉，你留的是高到中度的锥形发型，右边分缝。你甚至都没戴这个东西，老兄。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Oh, I've… I've got to stay ahead of you.

哦，我……我得保持领先于你。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Yeah, fair enough. I can't… I can't be here. I got to be two pairs of
words ahead of God's honest truth about what people call the glow up.
I'm 40 years old. Yes. I turned 39, uh, it happened a year ago. It's
crazy. And I don't know. I was a little bit like you go in one direction
or you go in the other. And um, the thing that really bugged me, I most
things I don't think I got a glow up. My clothes aren't that different.
I did grow a beard. I've had this haircut for many years now. Yes. Uh,
but I did… you did lose the glasses. You did have your "She's All That"
moment.

是的，有道理。我不能……我不能待在这里。我必须比上帝的真理（关于人们所说的“容光焕发”）领先两个词。我40岁了。是的。我39岁生日，呃，是一年前的事了。太疯狂了。我不知道。我有点像是你要么朝一个方向走，要么朝另一个方向走。而且嗯，真正困扰我的事情，大多数事情我不认为我“容光焕发”了。我的衣服没什么不同。我确实留了胡子。这个发型我已经留了很多年了。是的。呃，但我确实……你确实不戴眼镜了。你确实迎来了你的“窈窕美眉”时刻。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

I've worn contacts for like on and off for a long time. Now I'm doing
more video. I wear more contacts. Um, because you get that weird like
light thing happening on the glasses. Uh, but I did start working out
really differently because I felt… I used to be pretty strong when I was
younger. And then my 30s, I got injured a bunch of times and I had this
moment and the other thing I did was I read Peter Attia's \*Outlive\*.
Uh-huh. And he… that whole book is like its main thing is the muscle
mass you have will determine your long-term health outcomes. Yeah. And I
was like if I don't turn this, it's just going to go off. Oh yeah. And
so the reality of the… to the extent there's been like any real change.
It's like I do drink my protein shakes now.

我戴隐形眼镜已经很久了，断断续续的。现在我拍更多视频了。我戴更多隐形眼镜。嗯，因为眼镜上会有那种奇怪的反光。呃，但我确实开始以非常不同的方式锻炼，因为我觉得……我年轻的时候相当强壮。然后在我30多岁的时候，我受了好几次伤，我经历了那个时刻，我做的另一件事是读了彼得·阿提亚的《活得更久》。嗯哼。他……那整本书就像它的主要观点是你拥有的肌肉量将决定你长期的健康结果。是的。我当时想，如果我不改变这个，它就会失控。哦是的。所以现实是……在某种程度上，确实发生了一些真正的变化。比如我现在确实喝我的蛋白粉了。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

So are you and Barbaro out here lifting?

所以你和巴巴罗（Michael Barbaro）都在这里健身吗？



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Um, oh my god. Like the… You can't keep up with Barbaro. I got no cardio
compared to that guy.

嗯，哦我的天。比如那个……你跟不上巴巴罗。和那家伙比，我根本没什么心肺功能。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

Oh, for real? I got no cardio compared to anybody, but you know,
definitely not. I am Michael Barbaro. And can you beat me in a foot
race? No.

哦，真的吗？我和谁比都没什么心肺功能，但你知道，绝对不行。我是迈克尔·巴巴罗。你能赛跑赢我吗？不。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Hassan Minhaj:

Ezra, I notice you hitting the… Can't beat that guy in a foot race.
Can't beat him in the podcast charts. I got you.

埃兹拉，我注意到你正在……赛跑赢不了那家伙。播客排行榜上也赢不了他。我懂你。



<div class="dialogue-entry">

Ezra Klein:

All right, let's take this down. Hurry right away. No delay. Stop. Make
your daddy glad. You have passed on your land.

好吧，我们把这个搞定。马上行动。不要拖延。停下。让你爸爸高兴。你已经把你的土地传下去了。

\[Applause\]

\[掌声\]



Copy as Markdown
