---
title: "AI研讨会：探索企业级应用与未来趋势"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-10"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
  - "AI"
  - "企业应用"
  - "医疗健康"
  - "项目管理"
  - "客户成功"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: "Marina Stojanovic, Ketki Yennemadi, Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq"
  guest: "Dave Wessinger, Alan Missen, Aakif Shaik, Pam Martin, Hazelle Florencio, Sonal Misra, Caleb Waldemar, Kristy Liu, Mary Henschel, Julia Groza, Raka Dhar, Jenna Paglia, Daisy Dool, Erik Stabile, Jordan Bowman, Syed Hasan, Ruben Vieira, Pawandeep Kaur, Victor Tarnovski, Dave Chodos, Kate Kaplya, Charley Yang, Maja Madirazza, Krisika Suthan, Rahim Hashwani, Cedric Anne, Dean Slawson, Lisa Jarrett, Dr. Cindy Plunkett" 
  source: "[在此处插入视频的完整链接]"
---

# AI研讨会：探索企业级应用与未来趋势

## 开场讨论：AI时代的学习、机遇与紧迫感

**Dave Wessinger:** And my, kind of, two major investors in Dragonair
and Hillman Friedman.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我的两大主要投资者，Dragoneer（Dragoneer投资集团：一家专注于科技领域的成长型股权投资公司）和Hellman
& Friedman（Hellman & Friedman：一家全球领先的私募股权投资公司）。

**Dave Wessinger:** Spend more time trying to get me connected with
every single person that's moving well, or better or differently in AI,
so I can learn from that.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们花了很多时间，试图让我与每一个在AI领域做得好、更好或与众不同的人建立联系，以便我能从中学习。

**Dave Wessinger:** It's a massive learning journey, and every day could
be spent with yet another company understanding their journey.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这是一个巨大的学习过程，每天都可以花在了解另一家公司的发展历程上。

**Dave Wessinger:** And they tend to connect me with ones that have had
some reasonable success.

**Dave Wessinger:** 他们倾向于把我介绍给那些已经取得一定成功的公司。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so, I'll just speak to one that's actually, um,
connected to healthcare. This is a little more financial, but do have
some healthcare customers, and then I'll talk about a healthcare
company.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，我先谈一个与医疗健康相关的例子。这家公司更偏向金融领域，但确实有一些医疗客户，之后我再谈一家纯粹的医疗公司。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, the one that I saw was…. It's a really
interesting concept, and I think as I talk about other organizations.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我看到的那家公司……它的概念非常有趣，我认为在我谈论其他组织时也是如此。

**Dave Wessinger:** I'm largely talking about solutions they deliver to
the market as the priority, but invariably, I think when we think about
what might be delivered to a market.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我主要谈论的是他们向市场提供的解决方案，但当我们思考可能向市场交付什么时，情况总是如此。

**Dave Wessinger:** In our own rights, our internal stuff, we're
consuming others' solutions. So it's the same thing, just upside down.

**Dave Wessinger:**
就我们自身而言，我们的内部系统也在使用他人的解决方案。所以这其实是同一件事，只是角度不同。

**Dave Wessinger:** And the thing that they've done well, as an
organization, they struggled to deliver AI to the market.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们作为一个组织做得很好的一点是，他们曾努力将AI推向市场，但遇到了困难。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and…. I think what I recognize the challenge
with, they at least iterated, was….

**Dave Wessinger:** 我认为我认识到的挑战在于，他们至少进行了迭代……

**Dave Wessinger:** They've… they're moving really well in AI now, in
the end market. Their revenue doubled year over year.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们现在在AI领域，在终端市场上发展得非常好。他们的收入同比增长了一倍。

**Dave Wessinger:** They acquired an AI company, accelerated some of
their work, and they basically have been building agents for the last 6
months.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们收购了一家AI公司，加速了部分工作，并且在过去6个月里一直在构建AI智能体（AI
agents：能自主感知环境、决策并执行任务的智能程序）。

**Dave Wessinger:** And driving a ton of opportunity into the business.
And so they sell it, it's an orchestration layer for their customers.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这为业务带来了大量机会。他们销售的是一个为其客户服务的编排层（orchestration
layer：用于自动化和协调复杂系统或服务之间工作流的技术层）。

**Dave Wessinger:** They productionized it versus give their end
customers an opportunity to build their own agents.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们将其产品化，而不是让终端客户有机会自己构建智能体。

**Dave Wessinger:** And they've done extremely well, and I think
doubling revenue in a given year is pretty incredible, actually.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们做得非常出色，我认为在一年内实现收入翻倍确实是相当了不起的成就。

**Dave Wessinger:** In terms of an outcome. So that's really positive.
The one takeaway for me there was.

**Dave Wessinger:** 从结果来看，这非常积极。我从中得到的一个启示是。

**Dave Wessinger:** He had challenged his own team, really smart,
capable people. To move with agents and build it themselves.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他曾挑战自己的团队，那些非常聪明、有能力的人，让他们利用智能体自己构建解决方案。

**Dave Wessinger:** And he gave them a certain amount of time before he
had to go outside and acquire it, and basically they got.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他给了他们一定的时间，之后他不得不向外部寻求并收购技术，基本上他们做到了。

**Dave Wessinger:** They weren't able to get to the point where you
thought they could have, and so he had to acquire.

**Dave Wessinger:** 他们没能达到他预期的水平，所以他最终不得不进行收购。

**Dave Wessinger:** And I guess my takeaway from that is no more than.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我想我从中得到的启示无非是。

**Dave Wessinger:** If we're not taking time to sharpen the saw and
learn and grow, we're gonna be always caught up with the problems of the
day and the priorities of what's gonna pull us back.

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果我们不花时间磨砺自己、学习和成长，我们就会永远被日常问题和那些拖后腿的优先事项所困扰。

**Dave Wessinger:** And I think getting focused on where we need to go
is a lot of courage from leadership, is a lot of courage from all of us.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为，专注于我们需要前进的方向，需要领导层和我们所有人的巨大勇气。

**Dave Wessinger:** And I think it's not what you say yes to, it's what
you say no to.

**Dave Wessinger:**
而且我认为，关键不在于你答应了什么，而在于你拒绝了什么。

**Dave Wessinger:** And I think the one thing we hear around this
organization a lot.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我认为我们在这个组织里经常听到的一件事是。

**Dave Wessinger:** Is there's a lot of priorities, and the priorities
come down to leadership. And if we're not really clear.

**Dave Wessinger:**
有太多的优先事项，而这些优先事项最终都归结于领导层。如果我们不非常清楚。

**Dave Wessinger:** With where we need to go, what we need to choose,
we're not gonna make that progress. No matter how much learning we do
today.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我们需要去向何方，需要做出何种选择，我们就无法取得进步。无论我们今天学习了多少。

**Dave Wessinger:** We need to create space, um, and that's gonna be
hard, and it's gonna be hard to stomach sometimes, because that will
deviate from our current plans.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我们需要创造空间，这会很困难，有时甚至难以接受，因为它会偏离我们当前的计划。

**Dave Wessinger:** But, uh, that's kind of one example. I think…. The
other one is, um, and this is a little bit external, talking to some
companies that are leveraging AI to drive their growth.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但这就是一个例子。我认为……另一个例子，这稍微有点外部视角，是关于一些利用AI来驱动其在医疗健康领域增长的公司。

**Dave Wessinger:** In healthcare. And one example was, there's a
company that has built an orchestration layer.

**Dave Wessinger:**
在医疗健康领域。一个例子是，有一家公司在我们的应用程序之上构建了一个编排层。

**Dave Wessinger:** On top of our application, that does two things.
One, gives end users an ability to automate all of their manual
processes.

**Dave Wessinger:**
它能做两件事。第一，让最终用户能够自动化他们所有的手动流程。

**Dave Wessinger:** So they call it agents… Agent Operating Procedures.
And they're building a ton of them, on top of our application.

**Dave Wessinger:**
他们称之为智能体……智能体操作程序。他们在我们的应用程序之上构建了大量的这类程序。

**Dave Wessinger:** So what's interesting out of that is it's not… it's
not human-centered design. It's machine-centered design.

**Dave Wessinger:**
有趣的是，这不再是以人为本的设计，而是以机器为中心的设计。

**Dave Wessinger:** Kind of interesting. Um, kind of moving away from
that. And then where they've taken some opportunity, they've gone and
they've created Chrome extensions on top of our app to create a
side-by-side workflow where customers can create a lot of intelligence
in this Chrome extension.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这很有趣，有点偏离了传统模式。然后他们抓住了一些机会，在我们的应用之上创建了Chrome扩展程序，形成了一个并行的工作流，客户可以在这个Chrome扩展中创造出很多智能功能。

**Dave Wessinger:** On top of our application. So what's…. What's it?
And they're making really nice progress, kind of….

**Dave Wessinger:**
在我们的应用程序之上。所以……这是什么？他们正在取得非常好的进展，可以说……

**Dave Wessinger:** Let's say, to some extent, pre-revenue, but starting
to take off, because it's obviously solving a big problem.

**Dave Wessinger:**
在某种程度上，他们还处于营收前阶段，但已经开始起飞，因为它显然解决了一个大问题。

**Dave Wessinger:** And if it's not clear in every boardroom, the ask is
more AI, more AI, more AI, and so if somebody's solving that, and it's
not us, uh, that could be problematic, and so it does drive you to a
sense of urgency and pace to start to deliver on that need. So, two
different examples.

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果在每个董事会里还不清楚的话，那么需求就是更多的AI，更多的AI，更多的AI。所以如果有人在解决这个问题，而那个人不是我们，那可能会很麻烦。这确实会驱使你产生一种紧迫感和节奏感，去开始满足这种需求。所以，这是两个不同的例子。

**Dave Wessinger:** Of companies leveraging more of an AI. One wasn't
AI-native, and the other one is.

**Dave Wessinger:**
关于公司如何更多地利用AI。一个不是AI原生公司，另一个则是。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and then the question is, you know, how do you
compete against that, and how do you think about that?

**Dave Wessinger:** 那么问题来了，你如何与他们竞争，你如何看待这个问题？

**Dave Wessinger:** And then internally, think about this for a moment.
We're trying to deliver to our customers AI-powered solutions is where
we would like to be.

**Dave Wessinger:**
然后在内部，思考一下。我们希望能够为客户提供AI驱动的解决方案。

**Dave Wessinger:** Our vendors internally that you deal with, Alan, are
trying to.

**Dave Wessinger:** Alan，你所接触的我们内部的供应商，他们也在努力。

**Dave Wessinger:** Deliver AI to us, and they tend to be in their
segments, so whether it's finance, or sales, or product, or.

**Dave Wessinger:**
向我们提供AI，而且他们通常专注于各自的领域，无论是金融、销售、产品，还是其他。

**Dave Wessinger:** Or services, or otherwise. But we have to put Humpty
Dumpty together in some way, shape, or form to deliver a seamless
experience and process for our own employees, so….

**Dave Wessinger:**
或者是服务或其他方面。但我们必须以某种方式将这些零散的部分整合起来，为我们自己的员工提供无缝的体验和流程，所以……

**Dave Wessinger:** It's kind of hard to think about single-source AI
vendors. And that's why things like Copilot or orchestration layers take
off, is because they do go across so many different applications and
drive a ton of efficiency in the business, so….

**Dave Wessinger:**
很难想象只依赖单一来源的AI供应商。这就是为什么像Copilot或编排层这样的东西会流行起来，因为它们确实能够跨越许多不同的应用程序，并为业务带来巨大的效率提升，所以……

**Dave Wessinger:** There's just a few examples that, uh, have kind of
a….

**Dave Wessinger:** 这里只是几个例子，它们都有一种……

**Dave Wessinger:** It does drive a sense of urgency in terms of the….

**Dave Wessinger:** 它确实在……方面带来了一种紧迫感。

**Dave Wessinger:** These things aren't just… we're not just talking
about them in theory, they're real.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这些事情不仅仅是……我们不只是在理论上谈论它们，它们是真实存在的。

**Dave Wessinger:** They're starting to impact businesses. Uh, and its
material. Uh, so I think it's an opportunity internally, but also
externally. One doesn't go without the other.

**Dave Wessinger:**
它们已经开始影响企业，而且是实质性的影响。所以我认为这既是内部的机会，也是外部的机会。两者相辅相成。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, those are great examples, Dave. I think your
point around, sort of.

**Alan Missen:** 是的，Dave，这些例子很棒。我认为你关于……的观点。

**Alan Missen:** You know, committed time to learn, right? And that sort
of ruthless prioritization.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，投入时间去学习，对吧？以及那种坚决的优先级排序。

**Alan Missen:** The combination of those two, I think, is a very
powerful comment that we really need to take seriously on the back end
of today, frankly. I think it's a great point, well made.

**Alan Missen:**
我认为这两者的结合是一个非常有力的观点，坦白说，我们今天结束后真的需要认真对待。这是一个很好的观点，说得很好。

**Dave Wessinger:** Alan, how do you… let me ask you a question as we're
kind of going back and forth. We, as everybody here knows, or should
know, we've had a….

**Dave Wessinger:**
Alan，你如何……在我们来回讨论的时候，我问你一个问题。我们，在座的各位都知道，或者应该知道，我们有一个……

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, I think… I think we're kind of at the beginning
of the journey, um, in all honesty, but I… and I do think that that's
a….

**Alan Missen:**
是的，我认为……坦白说，我们才刚刚开始这段旅程，但我……我确实认为这是一个……

**Dave Wessinger:** A meaningful effort around P2C. And as you think
about what we're doing design-wise, business process engineering or
business process modeling.

**Dave Wessinger:**
围绕P2C（Product-to-Cash：从产品到现金，指企业从产品开发到最终收到客户付款的整个业务流程）的一项有意义的努力。当你思考我们在设计方面所做的工作，无论是业务流程工程还是业务流程建模。

**Dave Wessinger:** Is a lot around how humans use a solution, and we
think about, you know, Salesforce or other components that might be in
there, and NetSuite.

**Dave Wessinger:**
很多都是围绕人类如何使用一个解决方案，我们会考虑到Salesforce（赛富时：一家提供客户关系管理软件和服务的公司）或其他可能包含在内的组件，以及NetSuite（甲骨文公司旗下的云ERP软件）。

**Dave Wessinger:** How do you think about AI as it relates to designing
differently.

**Dave Wessinger:** 你如何看待AI在不同设计方法中的应用？

**Dave Wessinger:** For the things that we traditionally would focus on,
how does a human do X, and how do we make it better?

**Dave Wessinger:**
对于我们传统上关注的事情，比如人类如何完成某项任务X，以及我们如何改进它？

**Dave Wessinger:** How do you think differently about using agents, or
thinking differently about AI in just re-engineering the process?

**Dave Wessinger:**
在仅仅是重新设计流程方面，你对使用智能体或对AI有何不同的看法？

**Alan Missen:** An area we're evolving… we're trying to evolve quite…
quite quickly, Dave. I think….

**Alan Missen:**
Dave，这是一个我们正在努力……非常、非常快速发展的领域。我认为……

**Alan Missen:** If we look at, sort of, the traditional way to build…
to deliver those big transformational projects, you're right, you sort
of scope it, you build it, you test it, you go live.

**Alan Missen:**
如果我们看传统的方式来构建……来交付那些大型转型项目，你说得对，你通常是先确定范围，然后构建，测试，最后上线。

**Alan Missen:** And we're sort of two-thirds of the way down that
journey, and all of a sudden, there's a capability available to us that
wasn't when we started the project.

**Alan Missen:**
我们大概走完了这个过程的三分之二，然后突然之间，出现了一种我们项目开始时没有的能力。

**Dave Wessinger:** Yeah.

**Dave Wessinger:** 是的。

**Alan Missen:** Um, and so right now, we are sort of actively looking
at, are there 3 or 4 areas within P2C.

**Alan Missen:**
所以现在，我们正在积极地研究，在P2C（产品到现金）流程中是否有三到四个领域。

**Alan Missen:** That we can start leveraging this right away. So it's
not just about this new idea that's down the road that we'll go tackle.
It's like, we've got stuff that is in flight.

**Alan Missen:**
我们可以立即开始利用这项技术。所以这不仅仅是关于未来某个新想法，而是我们手头正在进行的项目。

**Alan Missen:** How do we start thinking about applying it right now?
So a great one is an….

**Alan Missen:** 我们如何开始思考立即应用它？一个很好的例子是……

**Alan Missen:** I think we showed it at the SLT, and I know it's a
passionate one for you, is….

**Alan Missen:** 我想我们在SLT（Senior Leadership
Team：高级领导团队）会议上展示过，而且我知道你对此充满热情，那就是……

**Alan Missen:** Could we get an agent to build a quote for a customer
for Go Live in November? Could we actually have that ready?

**Alan Missen:**
我们能否让一个智能体为客户在11月上线时生成一份报价？我们真的能准备好吗？

**Alan Missen:** Right? And so we're really kind of pushing the envelope
on that. And I think there's….

**Alan Missen:** 对吧？所以我们真的在挑战极限。而且我认为……

**Alan Missen:** 3 or 4 sort of agentic ideas, sort of on the back end
of the finance side.

**Alan Missen:** 在财务后端，有三到四个类似智能体的想法。

**Alan Missen:** As well, that we're starting to play around with is to
say, can we get those in for November 1st as well? So.

**Alan Missen:**
我们也开始尝试，看看能否在11月1日之前也把它们实现。所以。

**Alan Missen:** It's a little scary, because we're trying to, like,
change scope as we're sort of building the plane.

**Alan Missen:**
这有点吓人，因为我们就像是在造飞机的同时试图改变它的设计范围。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, but those are some of the things we're thinking
about, uh, within, say, say, PSC around that idea.

**Alan Missen:**
但这些是我们正在考虑的一些事情，比如在PSC（项目指导委员会）内部围绕这个想法进行讨论。

**Dave Wessinger:** Very good. Yeah, it's exciting. Your point is very
interesting in that….

**Dave Wessinger:** 非常好。是的，这很令人兴奋。你的观点非常有趣，在于……

**Dave Wessinger:** You know, the advancements in 6 months, never mind
24 hours.

**Dave Wessinger:** 你知道，六个月内的进步，更不用说24小时了。

**Dave Wessinger:** Are just… it's unsettling how… the pace of change,
and I think Mike talked about a 5-year time horizon.

**Dave Wessinger:**
简直是……变革的速度令人不安，我想Mike谈到了一个五年的时间跨度。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, you know, disruption of the cloud really took
10-plus years.

**Dave Wessinger:** 你知道，云计算的颠覆真正花了十年以上的时间。

**Dave Wessinger:** Disruption here is…. Barely measured in years. I
mean, two, three years out, what we see today as normal is gonna be….

**Dave Wessinger:**
这里的颠覆……几乎不能用年来衡量。我的意思是，两三年后，我们今天视为正常的东西将会……

**Dave Wessinger:** It's gonna feel like it was 50 years ago history.
It's pretty incredible.

**Dave Wessinger:** 感觉就像是50年前的历史。这真是太不可思议了。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah. And I think the other comment you made, which is
really interesting, is some of the stuff that you're seeing around, sort
of, the bigger platforms, it's like the attack vector.

**Alan Missen:**
是的。而且我认为你提出的另一个评论也很有趣，就是你看到的一些关于大型平台的情况，它就像是攻击向量。

**Alan Missen:** For some of the innovations, actually, kind of on the
edges, right? It's not necessarily sort of the… always the big players
who are coming at you, it's the small, innovative.

**Alan Missen:**
对于一些创新来说，实际上是在边缘地带，对吧？不一定总是那些大公司来挑战你，而是那些小而创新的公司。

**Alan Missen:** Company that's sort of hitting it around the edges of
what sort of we're doing, and that's… that's really an interesting.

**Alan Missen:**
公司正在我们所做事情的边缘地带进行冲击，这……这确实是一个有趣的现象。

**Alan Missen:** Dynamic for us to wrap our head around. And then the
other comment you made around, sort of.

**Alan Missen:** 动态，需要我们去理解。然后你还提到了另一个评论，关于……

**Alan Missen:** How are the vendors in our space, our platform
partners, how are they playing?

**Alan Missen:**
我们领域的供应商，我们的平台合作伙伴，他们是如何参与竞争的？

**Alan Missen:** Um, there's a data point that's… there's a data point
that suggests right now.

**Alan Missen:** 有一个数据点……有一个数据点表明，现在。

**Alan Missen:** 80% of applications software plays. Will have AI
capabilities embedded in them.

**Alan Missen:** 80%的应用软件都将嵌入AI功能。

**Alan Missen:** By next year. By next year. So, wrapping your head
around sort of the rationalizations of which ones are good, which ones
can be integrated, which ones should we use.

**Alan Missen:**
到明年。到明年。所以，要理清哪些是好的，哪些可以集成，哪些我们应该使用，这需要好好思考。

**Alan Missen:** I think, you know, it's, uh, it's… you're right, every…
every vendor's knocking on our door right now, going, you need to look
at our stuff.

**Alan Missen:**
我认为，你知道，这……你说得对，现在每个供应商都在敲我们的门，说，你们需要看看我们的产品。

**Dave Wessinger:** Let me share with you the why behind that. Um, and
it really starts with, if you think about enterprise value, is kind of a
key driver for a lot of folks.

**Dave Wessinger:**
让我与你分享这背后的原因。这实际上始于，如果你考虑到企业价值，它对很多人来说是一个关键驱动因素。

**Dave Wessinger:** You sit in a boardroom, and you talk to… and this
came up a little bit, but more so, kind of, after.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你坐在董事会里，和……谈话，这个问题稍微被提及，但更多的是在之后。

**Dave Wessinger:** We had this conversation of, you know. What if we do
well, or what if we do poorly? Let's just play out kind of a few
scenarios.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我们进行了这样的对话，你知道的。如果我们做得好会怎样？或者如果我们做得不好会怎样？让我们来推演几种情景。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and if… if we do poorly, we could be half the
value today.

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果……如果我们做得不好，我们的价值可能会是今天的一半。

**Dave Wessinger:** Six months from now. Half of our value.

**Dave Wessinger:** 六个月后。我们价值的一半。

**Dave Wessinger:** What's the difference if we do it well? We have
AI-powered solutions showing up on market, demonstrating real revenue as
it related to it, and we would do significantly better than kind of a…
what our… what our shareholder value could look like.

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果我们做得好，会有什么不同？我们将拥有AI驱动的解决方案出现在市场上，展示出与之相关的真实收入，并且我们的表现将远远好于……我们的股东价值可能的样子。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so if you just think about the economics and why
you're seeing vendors show up saying, buyer A-powered stuff, buy more of
that, because their entire enterprise value is based on their ability to
demonstrate they're capable of doing that.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，如果你只考虑经济因素，以及为什么你会看到供应商出现并说，购买A驱动的产品，多买一些，因为他们的整个企业价值都建立在他们展示自己有能力做到这一点的基础上。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so, that's why it's so important for customers,
us, other businesses, to kind of move into this new world. It's an
existential threat to the value of their business. And so, yeah, people
are pretty motivated.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，这就是为什么对于客户、我们以及其他企业来说，进入这个新世界如此重要。这对他们业务的价值构成了生存威胁。所以，是的，人们都很有动力。

**Dave Wessinger:** And some a little more than others, and so…. That,
to me, is where the opportunity is, but just to give you a sense of
where it's coming from.

**Dave Wessinger:**
有些人比其他人更有动力，所以……对我来说，这就是机会所在，但只是为了让你了解它的来源。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and why you're seeing kind of that, that kind of
intensity around it, especially as you get those incoming calls around,
buy this, buy that, buy this, instrument this way, instrument that way,
right?

**Dave Wessinger:**
以及为什么你会看到那种……那种围绕它的强度，特别是当你接到那些关于购买这个、购买那个、用这种方式、用那种方式来实施的电话时，对吧？

**Alan Missen:** The assign interesting data point the other day on… to
your point around, sort of, valuation, and at the end of 24.

**Alan Missen:** 前几天关于……估值的一个有趣数据点，在24年底。

**Alan Missen:** Ai organizations were kind of valued at about… I think
the valuation was something like \$450 billion.

**Alan Missen:** AI组织的估值大约是……我想估值大概是4500亿美元。

**Alan Missen:** And it's expected in the next 6 years to get to \$18
trillion. It's like a 37 or 40% CAGR.

**Alan Missen:**
预计在未来6年内将达到18万亿美元。这就像是37%或40%的复合年增长率（CAGR：Compound
Annual Growth Rate，衡量投资在特定时期内年均增长率的指标）。

**Alan Missen:** Year over year over year, so it's exactly to your
point, it's insane, the expectation remituations.

**Alan Missen:**
年复一年，所以这完全印证了你的观点，预期的估值波动简直是疯狂的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Well, I'll give you a very specific data point. Two
companies recently acquired, one with two people.

**Dave Wessinger:**
好吧，我给你一个非常具体的数据点。最近有两家公司被收购，其中一家只有两个人。

**Dave Wessinger:** North of \$100 million. Two people.

**Dave Wessinger:** 超过1亿美元。两个人。

**Alan Missen:** Wow.

**Alan Missen:** 哇。

**Dave Wessinger:** Another company, Israeli company, acquired for
multiple hundreds of millions of dollars, probably 30 or 40 people.
Neither company?

**Dave Wessinger:**
另一家公司，一家以色列公司，以数亿美元的价格被收购，大概有三四十人。这两家公司都没有？

**Dave Wessinger:** Had any revenue. No revenue. Like, that's the
appetite for AI-based companies. It's incredible. And so….

**Dave Wessinger:**
任何收入。没有收入。这就是市场对AI公司的渴求程度。这太不可思议了。所以……

**Alan Missen:** Yep. Yep.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, obviously without kind of the, uh, the legacy or
the history, it's kind of, you know, it's obviously easy to start fresh,
but.

**Dave Wessinger:**
显然，没有那种……那种历史包袱，重新开始显然更容易，但是。

**Dave Wessinger:** It's… it's absolutely incredible. It reminds me of
the days where I wish.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这……这绝对是不可思议的。这让我想起了那些我希望的日子。

**Dave Wessinger:** Saas companies back in 2002 were actually doing
that. They were in 99 before it all blew up.

**Dave Wessinger:** 2002年的SaaS（Software as a
Service：软件即服务）公司实际上就在做那样的事情。他们在99年，在一切都崩溃之前。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, but yeah, it's just a, uh, it's clear… it's
interesting, and I kind of… I look in the mirror, I'm like, holy shit,
I'm old. I'm gonna catch the second wave. Like, the first owner's cloud,
I'm gonna be around for another one, I can share stories. It's like….

**Dave Wessinger:**
但是，是的，这只是……很明显……很有趣，我有点……我看着镜子里的自己，心想，天哪，我老了。我要赶上第二波浪潮了。就像第一波是云计算，我还会经历另一波，我可以分享故事。这就像……

**Dave Wessinger:** I'm kind of excited to write the next paper to
Forbes about what it's like to go through two major disruptions in a
lifetime.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我很兴奋能为《福布斯》写下一篇文章，讲述在一生中经历两次重大颠覆是什么感觉。

**Alan Missen:** Absolutely. Uh, next quick question, then, around, sort
of, in the healthcare spec, and you've sort of talked about it a little
bit, is… is there any… what are the areas you see will have, sort of,
the most significant disruption in the next few years?

**Alan Missen:**
当然。那么，下一个快速问题，关于医疗健康领域，你之前也稍微谈到过，你认为在未来几年，哪些领域会受到最重大的颠覆？

**Dave Wessinger:** So, anyways. I digress.

**Dave Wessinger:** 总之，我跑题了。

**Dave Wessinger:** Well, I think, um, the ability to augment human and
replace some of the mundane tasks, absolutely without question.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为，增强人类能力并取代一些繁琐任务的能力，这毫无疑问是肯定的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and I think those are the things we see. The
other thing I would say is the ability to… to power folks to be a lot
smarter about and prioritize the work they do, so that the little we
have.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为这些是我们能看到的事情。另外我想说的是，赋予人们更聪明地思考和优先处理工作的能力，这样我们有限的资源。

**Dave Wessinger:** We'll be able to do so much more with in healthcare.

**Dave Wessinger:** 将能在医疗健康领域发挥更大的作用。

**Dave Wessinger:** But I also would say the thing that I'm… I think is
very interesting.

**Dave Wessinger:** 但我还要说，我认为非常有趣的一件事是。

**Dave Wessinger:** Is that I believe that invariably, the entire, kind
of, industry will be responding to information and take action.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我相信，整个行业最终都将对信息做出反应并采取行动。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so it will be a… if you think about sensors, and
you think about the capability to ingest information, either biosensors.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以这将是……如果你考虑到传感器，以及摄取信息的能力，无论是生物传感器。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, information, you know, historical information,
all of that, like. This kind of, you need to enter something to have an
observation to react to. Like, thinking about designing anything for a
human to enter something is like, you….

**Dave Wessinger:**
信息，你知道，历史信息，所有这些。就像，你需要输入一些东西才能有观察结果来做出反应。比如，考虑设计任何需要人类输入的东西，就好像……

**Dave Wessinger:** What are you talking about? That's not a thing
anymore. And so, when you think about that being kind of, okay, that's…
that barrier is gone, we have full information now, we can kind of turn
that into something we react to. I think it's a really interesting way
to think about the future.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你在说什么？那已经不是事了。所以，当你想到那个障碍已经消失，我们现在拥有了完整的信息，我们可以把它变成我们能做出反应的东西。我认为这是一个思考未来的非常有趣的方式。

**Dave Wessinger:** But I think in terms of impact, I would tell you
that for any of you who are at Summit or heard me talk to Dr. Rue.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但就影响而言，我想告诉你们，对于任何在峰会上或听过我与Rue博士交谈的人来说。

**Dave Wessinger:** What they're doing in terms of ophthalmology, the
ability to kind of read in.

**Dave Wessinger:** 他们在眼科方面所做的工作，那种能够读取信息的能力。

**Dave Wessinger:** Scan of an eyeball and understand your entire
diagnosis, or a significant portion of it.

**Dave Wessinger:** 扫描眼球并了解你的整个诊断，或其中很大一部分。

**Dave Wessinger:** Think about that one image that will likely work its
way to a phone. Right now, it's a fairly complex piece of equipment, but
it will become commoditized.

**Dave Wessinger:**
想想那张很可能会出现在手机上的图片。现在，它是一个相当复杂的设备，但它将会商品化。

**Dave Wessinger:** That in a moment, you can understand what would
otherwise take you hours of assessment, and if they're non-coherent or
incapable.

**Dave Wessinger:**
在一瞬间，你就能理解那些原本需要数小时评估才能了解的事情，而且如果对方语无伦次或无法表达。

**Dave Wessinger:** You might not get all of that information. To
understand the human body and understand what to go do from an image in
a moment.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你可能无法获得所有信息。要在一瞬间通过一张图像了解人体并知道该做什么。

**Dave Wessinger:** That you can effectively drive an entire, you know,
service plan, plan of care, what's required, what their diagnosis is,
get the right, you know, treat them appropriately and personalize that.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你可以有效地驱动整个服务计划、护理计划，了解需要什么、他们的诊断是什么，获得正确的治疗，并进行个性化处理。

**Dave Wessinger:** Will be a very interesting day, and…. It's very hard
to get that wrong.

**Dave Wessinger:** 这将是非常有趣的一天，而且……这很难出错。

**Dave Wessinger:** Right? Because you're not relying on a human
response, right? You're not relying on… or a response they can't
provide, or documentation that might not be accurate. It's crystal
clear. So that advancement in terms of understanding the person.

**Dave Wessinger:**
对吧？因为你不依赖于人类的反应，对吧？你不依赖于……或者他们无法提供的反应，或者可能不准确的文档。这一切都非常清晰。所以在理解个人方面的进步。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** And to know what to do, I think will be… will be
really instrumental in driving the, kind of, the quality of care that
these people deserve.

**Dave Wessinger:**
并且知道该做什么，我认为这将……将对推动这些人应得的护理质量起到至关重要的作用。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, it feels very similar to some of the research.
I've been doing lately around… around, sort of, healthcare and.

**Alan Missen:**
是的，这感觉与我最近在医疗健康领域所做的一些研究非常相似。

**Alan Missen:** In AI, and your point around sort of scan… AI-centric
scanning technologies.

**Alan Missen:** 在AI领域，以及你关于以AI为中心的扫描技术的观点。

**Alan Missen:** And the accuracy level and the speed with which they're
delivering good data, you know, brain scans being twice as accurate.

**Alan Missen:**
以及它们提供高质量数据的准确性和速度，你知道，脑部扫描的准确性是以前的两倍。

**Alan Missen:** As the past bone scans catching people who have broken
bones, who, you know, um, x-rays weren't catching.

**Alan Missen:**
就像过去的骨骼扫描能发现那些骨折的人，而X光片却无法发现。

**Alan Missen:** Ambulatory or sort of, um…. You know, sort of
triage-related activities, getting to know the right people who have to
go to the hospital versus the ones that aren't versus EMSs.

**Alan Missen:**
门诊或者说……你知道，类似分诊的活动，识别出哪些人需要去医院，哪些人不需要，以及与急救医疗服务（EMS）的区别。

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, there's a ton going on on there, for sure.

**Alan Missen:** 是的，那里肯定有很多事情在发生。

**Dave Wessinger:** Preventative early detection, obviously, is kind of
the big cost savings in the quality of life aspect.

**Dave Wessinger:**
预防性早期检测，显然，在成本节约和生活质量方面是重要的一环。

**Dave Wessinger:** But we're still human, we're still gonna vote for
those, you know, those wing knights and the stuff that's like, oh my
god, we're gonna create… So, um, how that relates to how it extends our
life or not, I'm not entirely certain, but we'll know what to do. The
question is, will we do it?

**Dave Wessinger:**
但我们仍然是人类，我们仍然会选择那些，你知道的，那些“鸡翅之夜”和那些让我们惊呼“天哪，我们要创造……”的东西。所以，这与它是否能延长我们的生命有何关系，我并不完全确定，但我们会知道该做什么。问题是，我们会去做吗？

**Alan Missen:** Yep.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** The other…. Sir, go ahead. I was just going to make
the point.

**Dave Wessinger:** 另一个……先生，请讲。我正想说一点。

**Alan Missen:** Awesome. Uh, next question. Sure, go ahead.

**Alan Missen:** 太棒了。下一个问题。当然，请讲。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, the next question….

**Alan Missen:** 下一个问题……

**Dave Wessinger:** I'm pausing.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我暂停一下。

**Alan Missen:** Uh, the next question I had was, um, any sort of
misconceptions around AI.

**Alan Missen:** 我下一个问题是，关于AI有什么误解吗？

**Alan Missen:** Within healthcare that are worth talking about.

**Alan Missen:** 在医疗健康领域，有哪些值得讨论的误解？

**Dave Wessinger:** Misconceptions. Oh…. Um.

**Dave Wessinger:** 误解。哦……嗯。

**Dave Wessinger:** That's a good question. I think it's kind of…. You
know.

**Dave Wessinger:** 这是个好问题。我认为这有点……你知道的。

**Dave Wessinger:** I don't know that there's any real misconceptions,
um, in terms of.

**Dave Wessinger:** 我不确定在……方面是否存在任何真正的误解。

**Dave Wessinger:** Are they fearful of it? I… you know, I think there's
not a fear factor.

**Dave Wessinger:** 他们害怕它吗？我……你知道，我认为不存在恐惧因素。

**Dave Wessinger:** Uh, but I think there's also a little bit of ego
around, you know, if you think about practitioners or those that.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但我认为也存在一些自负心理，你知道，如果你考虑到从业者或那些……

**Dave Wessinger:** You know, have built a profession on gaining that
knowledge around how to.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你知道，他们建立了一个职业，就是为了获得关于如何做的知识。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, that's a pretty big thing to separate from, and
I think, you know, I don't know that it's a misnomer, kind of.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这是一个很难割舍的东西，而且我认为，你知道，我不确定这是否算是一种用词不当。

**Dave Wessinger:** Misunderstood, but I do think there's areas of
healthcare that will receive this.

**Dave Wessinger:**
被误解了，但我确实认为医疗健康领域的一些方面会接受这一点。

**Dave Wessinger:** Faster than others. Um, and I think there's a huge
trust component that is a real thing, um, and so if the misconception is
that, hey, if it demonstrates an outcome, everyone's gonna run after it.

**Dave Wessinger:**
比其他领域更快。而且我认为，信任是一个非常重要的真实因素。所以如果误解是，嘿，只要它能展示出结果，大家就会蜂拥而至。

**Dave Wessinger:** I think we're gonna see, with the responsible nature
of it, the ethics, the hallucinations, the… if you're not.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为我们会看到，考虑到它的责任性、伦理、幻觉（AI幻觉：指AI模型生成看似合理但实际上是虚假或不准确信息的情况）……如果你不是。

**Dave Wessinger:** 99.99999% right, and you might otherwise kill
someone. That's bad. Right? And so, I think of the situation… we have
this today at Point Click Care, by the way, and it's not even AI.

**Dave Wessinger:**
99.99999%正确，否则你可能会害死人。那很糟糕。对吧？所以，我想到了这种情况……顺便说一句，我们今天在PointClickCare就遇到了这种情况，而且这甚至不是AI。

**Dave Wessinger:** But we make recommendations based on information in
meds that have a clinician go, oh, yeah, that makes sense, translate
that to SIG, or….

**Dave Wessinger:**
但我们根据药物信息提出建议，让临床医生觉得，“哦，是的，这有道理”，然后将其转换为SIG（用药指导：医疗处方中关于如何服用药物的简写指令），或者……

**Dave Wessinger:** However, that worked out. But the translation from,
kind of, natural language into kind of a structured.

**Dave Wessinger:** 不管结果如何。但是从自然语言到结构化语言的转换。

**Dave Wessinger:** Might make a mistake, and they have to validate
that, because it's right all the time. They'll go, yep, yep, yep. And
once in a while.

**Dave Wessinger:**
可能会出错，他们必须验证这一点，因为它总是正确的。他们会说，是的，是的，是的。但偶尔。

**Dave Wessinger:** It's wrong. Well, guess what? That actually could
kill someone. Like, for real, and so now what do you do? Do you not
enable them? Do you go backwards?

**Dave Wessinger:**
它错了。你猜怎么着？那真的可能会害死人。是真的，所以现在你该怎么办？你不启用它吗？你倒退吗？

**Alan Missen:** Absolutely.

**Alan Missen:** 当然。

**Dave Wessinger:** So, there is, like, we all talk about it. I think
the expectation of it just landing and working smoothly, and it's just
they have to get over their own ego, is one thing.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，就像我们都在谈论的那样。我认为，期望它能顺利落地并运行，并且认为这只是他们需要克服自己的自负，这是一回事。

**Dave Wessinger:** Uh, but the other part is, it really has to work.

**Dave Wessinger:** 但另一方面是，它真的必须有效。

**Dave Wessinger:** It really has to work, or you're actually doing
harm, and none of us want to do harm, and we believe that today, humans
are in the middle of ensuring that we have that validation and
verification.

**Dave Wessinger:**
它真的必须有效，否则你实际上是在造成伤害，而我们谁都不想造成伤害。我们相信，今天，人类正处于确保我们拥有那种验证和核实过程的中心。

**Dave Wessinger:** And should that become just an easy step, we're
gonna lose that, and I do worry about, kind of, just….

**Dave Wessinger:**
如果这变成了一个简单的步骤，我们就会失去这一点，我确实担心，只是……

**Dave Wessinger:** Not haphazardly, but it just becomes human nature
and behavior that invariably you create some of these cracks that are
unintended. So I think we have to pay attention to that, and I think
it's a little bit harder than we think in healthcare.

**Dave Wessinger:**
不是随意的，但这只是人类的天性和行为，你总会无意中造成一些裂痕。所以我认为我们必须注意这一点，而且我认为在医疗健康领域，这比我们想象的要困难一些。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, there are other areas where it's… you can have
kind of that error rate here, I think it's going to be pretty hard in
certain areas. Administrative tasks, not as much.

**Dave Wessinger:**
在其他领域，你可以有那样的错误率，但我认为在某些领域会非常困难。行政任务，没那么严重。

**Dave Wessinger:** Clinical-focused tasks, absolutely. So….

**Dave Wessinger:** 临床任务，绝对是。所以……

**Alan Missen:** Yeah, I totally agree with that. It's another data
point I was reading recently.

**Alan Missen:** 是的，我完全同意。这是我最近读到的另一个数据点。

**Alan Missen:** Kind of comes back to the sort of AI and trust dynamic.

**Alan Missen:** 这又回到了AI与信任的动态关系上。

**Alan Missen:** 75% of the public today, consumers, do not trust
results from AI today.

**Alan Missen:** 今天，75%的公众，也就是消费者，不信任AI产生的结果。

**Alan Missen:** And so when you sort of apply that into something as
important as healthcare, that mountain to get.

**Alan Missen:**
所以，当你把这一点应用到像医疗健康这样重要的事情上时，那座需要翻越的大山。

**Alan Missen:** Over in terms of trust is definitely a big one for us
to deal with.

**Alan Missen:** 在信任方面，绝对是我们需要处理的一个大问题。

**Dave Wessinger:** I think it's huge. Yeah, I think that's huge. You
know, we're getting close to closing out her, and I think that's why we
see you, Marina, so hello.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我认为这非常重要。是的，我认为这非常重要。你知道，我们快要结束了，我想这就是为什么我们看到你，Marina，你好。

**Dave Wessinger:** Uh, but I would, you know, for me, as we think about
our business and getting back to kind of what today is about, Alan,
which I think you kicked off really nicely.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但是，你知道，对我来说，当我们思考我们的业务，并回到今天的主题时，Alan，我认为你开了一个非常好的头。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and I…. I would like to say this, but I actually
would more like to ask you, what would success look like today, Alan?

**Dave Wessinger:**
我……我想说的是，但实际上我更想问你，Alan，今天的成功会是什么样子？

**Alan Missen:** Um, for me, I… it kind of comes back to the comment you
made earlier. To me, if we really.

**Alan Missen:**
对我来说，我……这又回到了你之前提到的评论。对我来说，如果我们真的。

**Alan Missen:** Create a much more robust list of really powerful use
cases that we can actually go action and move on.

**Alan Missen:**
创建一个更强大的、真正有力的用例列表，我们就可以实际采取行动并继续前进。

**Alan Missen:** That, to me, is a great outcome of today. I think
you're going to see later, I know we're chatting a little bit later
today, that we've got some pretty.

**Alan Missen:**
对我来说，这是今天的一个巨大成果。我想你稍后会看到，我知道我们今天晚些时候会聊一下，我们已经取得了一些相当不错的进展。

**Alan Missen:** Modest but decent progress across almost every
function. We've got, I think, north of about 70 different use cases.

**Alan Missen:**
在几乎每个职能部门都取得了虽然不大但还算不错的进展。我们大概有超过70个不同的用例。

**Alan Missen:** That are being looked at today. I'd love to see that
be….

**Alan Missen:** 今天正在被审视。我希望看到它能……

**Alan Missen:** You know, two, three hundred that we're looking at, and
A, and then start really working towards building that skill set to be
able to action them quickly. We had a really interesting conversation.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，我们正在研究两三百个案例，然后开始真正努力构建能够快速行动的技能。我们进行了一次非常有趣的对话。

**Alan Missen:** You know, the other day around, sort of, the investment
to do… to build an agent, and it's like, it's not… this isn't software
from 10, 15 years ago, where.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，前几天关于……投资构建一个智能体的话题，这不像……这不是十、十五年前的软件，那时候。

**Alan Missen:** You know, maybe you can build stuff, and maybe it's
only good for 3 months, and you throw it away, but the investment to get
there was so fast and so.

**Alan Missen:**
你知道，也许你可以构建一些东西，但它可能只在三个月内有效，然后你就把它扔掉了，但达到那个目标的投资是如此之快，如此之……

**Alan Missen:** So quick that that's okay. And I think, you know,
getting more motion on actual action, actual product.

**Alan Missen:**
如此之快，以至于这没关系。而且我认为，你知道，在实际行动、实际产品上获得更多动力。

**Alan Missen:** To actually hit these use cases and get value at a pace
that we haven't necessarily seen before.

**Alan Missen:**
真正地应用这些用例，并以我们以前未曾见过的速度获得价值。

**Alan Missen:** That's kind of the big outcome. To me, that's the big
win.

**Alan Missen:** 这就是最大的成果。对我来说，这就是最大的胜利。

**Dave Wessinger:** I like that. There's a couple of things that jump
out to me in that, um, I think you said it on the agent side, the
manual, like, if you take calendaring and automate some of that, where
we actually create space, I mean, the amount of time we waste trying to
figure things out between.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我喜欢这个。其中有几点让我印象深刻，我想你在智能体方面提到了，手动操作，比如，如果你把日程安排自动化一部分，我们实际上创造了空间，我的意思是，我们浪费在协调……之间的时间。

**Dave Wessinger:** Busy people trying to get things on a calendar, oh
my gosh.

**Dave Wessinger:** 忙碌的人们试图把事情安排在日历上，天哪。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, but the thing that I would ask all of you to
think about is.

**Dave Wessinger:** 但是，我希望大家思考的一件事是。

**Dave Wessinger:** Recognize that AI is an amazing thought partner and
collaborator. And so, if you want to write a memo about something you
want to go do that's kind of an Amazon thing, or….

**Dave Wessinger:**
认识到AI是一个了不起的思考伙伴和合作者。所以，如果你想写一份关于你想做的事情的备忘录，这有点像亚马逊的做法，或者……

**Alan Missen:** Yep.

**Alan Missen:** 是的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and so it…. It's not about PowerPoints. I mean,
they really run by memos, and if you want to really thought partner and
kind of enhance your capability in how you think about something.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以……这与PowerPoint无关。我的意思是，他们真正依靠备忘录来运作，如果你想真正成为一个思考伙伴，并提升你思考问题的方式。

**Dave Wessinger:** You become, like, your IQ goes up significantly, and
you're kind of way more prepared, way more intelligent around an aspect
of the….

**Dave Wessinger:**
你的智商会显著提高，你会对……的某个方面准备得更充分，更聪明。

**Dave Wessinger:** Whatever you're thinking about or trying to improve,
or trying to address.

**Dave Wessinger:** 无论你在思考什么，试图改进什么，或者试图解决什么。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, it's a really… and the other thing is you're not
getting judged. Chatgpt or whatever product is not judging you.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这是一个非常……另外一件事是，你不会被评判。ChatGPT（由OpenAI开发的生成式AI聊天机器人）或任何其他产品都不会评判你。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so you just iterate and iterate and iterate and
iterate, and your ideas become stronger and more thoughtful and more
appropriate, and so whether that's an email or whether that's a memo, or
whether that's, you know, sharing on kind of where you'd like to go, or
a presentation you want to give, or….

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以你只需要不断迭代，你的想法就会变得更强大、更周到、更恰当。所以无论是电子邮件、备忘录，还是分享你想去的地方，或者你想做的演讲，或者……

**Dave Wessinger:** All of those things, to me will allow you to perform
and move a lot faster. Um, we obviously use each other to collaborate,
but I would… I would ask you to kind of leverage the capabilities of
that to kind of enhance how you think about things here and the problems
that you do want to solve.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所有这些事情，对我来说，都能让你表现得更好，行动得更快。我们显然会互相协作，但我会……我会请你利用这些能力来提升你在这里思考问题和解决你确实想解决的问题的方式。

**Dave Wessinger:** So, I'll pause there, but that would be a good
outcome for me, that people recognize that's a great opportunity for
them.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，我就先说到这里，但对我来说，一个好的结果是，人们认识到这对他们来说是一个巨大的机会。

**Alan Missen:** Awesome. I love the, sort of. Um, thought, you know,
the thought partner….

**Alan Missen:** 太棒了。我喜欢那种……嗯，思考，你知道，思考伙伴……

**Alan Missen:** Idea. It's interesting, I was reading another article
in sort of the MarTech space a few weeks ago.

**Alan Missen:**
的想法。很有趣，几周前我在MarTech（营销技术）领域读到另一篇文章。

**Alan Missen:** Around, sort of, all the efforts going on around, sort
of, AI and content creation.

**Alan Missen:** 关于AI和内容创作方面的所有努力。

**Alan Missen:** In particular, that particular use case, and they used
a very similar language. They said they were leveraging it.

**Alan Missen:**
特别是那个用例，他们使用了非常相似的语言。他们说他们正在利用它。

**Alan Missen:** As really a creative ally, right? It was really a tool,
but an ally. That idea of partnership and.

**Alan Missen:**
作为一个真正的创意盟友，对吧？它确实是一个工具，但也是一个盟友。那种伙伴关系和……

**Alan Missen:** And being an ally, very much, I think, as we go into
this sort of AI-

**Alan Missen:** 成为盟友，我认为，当我们进入这种AI……

**Alan Missen:** Way to look at it, so thanks for that, Dave.

**Alan Missen:** 的看待方式，所以谢谢你，Dave。

**Dave Wessinger:** Yeah, I mean, the last thing I'll say, the
experience for me was also….

**Dave Wessinger:**
是的，我的意思是，我最后要说的是，对我的经历来说，也是……

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, what am I missing? You know, what did I do
wrong? And they're kind of, oh, you're doing a great job, but you might
want to think about it, like, oh my god, this is amazing, like, this
reinforced positive behavior that somebody would be yelling at me and
telling me I'm an idiot, but it's just like.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我错过了什么？你知道，我做错了什么？而他们会说，哦，你做得很好，但你可能需要考虑一下，就像，天哪，这太棒了，这强化了积极的行为，而不是有人会对我大喊大叫，说我是个白痴，但这就像。

**Dave Wessinger:** So, I would also say the last thing in healthcare
that I'm really excited about is, as some of these things land in
healthcare.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，我还想说，在医疗健康领域，我最兴奋的最后一件事是，随着其中一些技术在医疗健康领域的落地。

**Dave Wessinger:** Like, they're using robots in Japan, they're using
robots in, kind of, um….

**Dave Wessinger:** 比如，他们在日本使用机器人，他们在……

**Dave Wessinger:** High-risk situations, believe it or not, laundry,
right? Dirty laundry is a high-risk human kind of job.

**Dave Wessinger:**
高风险情况下，信不信由你，洗衣，对吧？脏衣服是一项高风险的人类工作。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, at least in SNFs, for sure. And so if you think
about robots starting to take over in areas in dining rooms, things in
laundry, it's going to be a point where they help ambulate and they do
some basic things, and they minimize elopement issues, and all of this
stuff where….

**Dave Wessinger:**
至少在SNF（专业护理机构）中是肯定的。所以如果你想到机器人在餐厅、洗衣房等区域开始接管工作，它们会帮助行走，做一些基本的事情，减少走失问题，以及所有这些……

**Dave Wessinger:** We're kind of powering in that, kind of, what's
interesting about that, and what I've heard from our customers is.

**Dave Wessinger:**
我们正在推动这方面的发展，有趣的是，我从客户那里听到的是。

**Dave Wessinger:** As a companion, they're more inclined of a kind of
engage more with a robot than a human for the judge ass. There's a huge
judging aspect here that kind of goes away that I think is really
interesting as you engage with it.

**Dave Wessinger:**
作为一个伴侣，他们更倾向于与机器人而不是人类进行更多的互动，以避免被评判。这里有一个巨大的评判因素，当你与它互动时，这种评判感就消失了，我认为这非常有趣。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, and maybe the interesting thing is to create an
IA agent that judges you. That would be kind of a fun tool. No, kidding.
I'm kidding.

**Dave Wessinger:**
也许有趣的是创建一个能评判你的AI智能体。那会是个有趣的工具。不，开玩笑的。我开玩笑的。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, but, uh, anyways, lots of fun. Uh, big day
ahead. We're, uh, we're a little bit over time, and I'll let you get on
with the day, and I'm excited for all of you that have decided to make
room for this today. Really important for us.

**Dave Wessinger:**
但是，总之，很有趣。前面还有重要的一天。我们……我们有点超时了，我让你们继续今天的工作，我为所有决定今天为这件事腾出时间的人感到兴奋。这对我们非常重要。

**Dave Wessinger:** Really important for you, um, because I would tell
you the last thing I would say here.

**Dave Wessinger:**
对你们来说非常重要，因为我想告诉你们，我在这里要说的最后一件事。

**Dave Wessinger:** Is our job descriptions for everybody in the company
will change.

**Dave Wessinger:** 是我们公司每个人的职位描述都会改变。

**Dave Wessinger:** Your job description today is already out of date,
and we need to make sure that what you think your job is today, if
you're not growing.

**Dave Wessinger:**
你今天的职位描述已经过时了，我们需要确保，如果你不成长，你今天认为的工作内容。

**Dave Wessinger:** It's not… you have to have that… that mindset of,
uh, what are you a beginner at? What are you learning? Absolutely
critical, and we will be evaluating. Aristia's not here, just slap me,
but we will be evaluating on your progress with AI capability.

**Dave Wessinger:**
不是……你必须有那种……那种心态，你在什么方面是初学者？你在学习什么？这绝对至关重要，我们将会进行评估。Aristia不在这里，不然她会打我，但我们将会评估你在AI能力方面的进展。

**Dave Wessinger:** That's a necessary piece, and I think Mike talked
with Toby from Shopify the other night.

**Dave Wessinger:**
这是必要的一环，我想Mike前几天晚上和Shopify的Toby谈过。

**Dave Wessinger:** Uh, and that was kind of a key indicator, is all of
our performance reviews will have an element of AI to it. What have you
done? Have you progressed? What are you learning? It's just too
important for us. We can't miss this one.

**Dave Wessinger:**
那是一个关键指标，我们所有的绩效评估都将包含AI的元素。你做了什么？你进步了吗？你在学习什么？这对我们来说太重要了。我们不能错过这个机会。

**Dave Wessinger:** And so it's not okay to be, eh, I don't care about
AI. That's not… that's just not cool. It's not cool to miss school.

**Dave Wessinger:**
所以，说“哦，我不在乎AI”是不行的。那……那太不酷了。逃学可不酷。

**Dave Wessinger:** Um, so, with that, I'll, uh, I'll pause. Thank you
all for being here.

**Dave Wessinger:** 那么，就到这里，我暂停一下。谢谢大家来到这里。

**Alan Missen:** Dave, thank you so much. That was… that was awesome. I
loved, uh, love sort of the back and forth there. And so with that,
Marina, I think we're ready for our first use case.

**Alan Missen:**
Dave，非常感谢。那……那太棒了。我喜欢……喜欢那里的来回交流。那么，Marina，我想我们准备好迎接第一个用例了。

**Alan Missen:** And we'll move into those. All right.

**Alan Missen:** 我们将进入这些环节。好的。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Absolutely. Yes, thank you both for jumping on
and sharing your thoughts this morning. And again, we have lots of
questions in the chat and in the Q&A that we'll be sharing with you
directly to be answered, uh, because we are a little bit over time, so I
appreciate it. Thank you so much!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
当然。是的，感谢两位今天早上加入并分享你们的想法。再次强调，我们在聊天区和问答区有很多问题，我们会直接分享给你们来回答，因为我们有点超时了，所以我很感激。非常感谢！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thanks, Dave. Thanks, Alan. All right, first up
is our first use case. He's here to kick us off.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
谢谢，Dave。谢谢，Alan。好的，首先是我们的第一个用例。他将为我们拉开序幕。

**Marina Stojanovic:** His name is Akif Sheikh, and he's going to get us
started.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 他的名字是Akif Sheikh，他将为我们开始。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So I keep… go ahead and start sharing your
screen.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 所以我……请开始分享你的屏幕。

## 用例展示：AI驱动的项目管理与洞察

### 用例1：Aakif Sheikh - 集成Copilot Studio与Power Automate的AI助手

**Aakif Shaik:** All right, thank you, Marina. Are you able to see my
screen?

**Aakif Shaik:** 好的，谢谢你，Marina。你能看到我的屏幕吗？

**Marina Stojanovic:** Thank you.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 谢谢。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I can see you! We cannot see your screen now.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 我能看到你！但现在我们看不到你的屏幕。

**Marina Stojanovic:** There we go! All right. Thanks, I keep… take it
away.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 好了！好的。谢谢，Akif……请开始吧。

**Aakif Shaik:** Okay, awesome. Sweet. Alright, hello everyone. My name
is Akif Sheikh. I am a business transformation co-op in the SDO.

**Aakif Shaik:** 好的，太棒了。很好。大家好。我叫Akif
Sheikh。我是SDO（战略交付办公室）的一名业务转型实习生。

**Aakif Shaik:** And over the past few weeks, I've been working on
building an AI-powered co-pilot agent that integrates with Copilot
Studio and Power Automate.

**Aakif Shaik:** 在过去几周里，我一直在致力于构建一个与Copilot
Studio和Power Automate集成的AI驱动的Copilot智能体。

**Aakif Shaik:** And for those of you who aren't familiar with AHA, it
is a product or a project management tool that teams use to be able to
track and manage their work.

**Aakif Shaik:**
对于那些不熟悉Aha!的人来说，它是一个产品或项目管理工具，团队用它来跟踪和管理他们的工作。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, within the SDO, we essentially use AHA to track
and manage our key initiatives, like the go-to markets and the
product-to-cash program.

**Aakif Shaik:**
因此，在SDO内部，我们主要使用Aha!来跟踪和管理我们的关键举措，比如市场推广（go-to-market）和产品到现金（product-to-cash）项目。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so the problem that I was really focused on was,
how can I make it easier for people, whether they're a program manager
or someone within the team who's trying to access and get a quick
update, to be able to use an AI-powered assistant to do that. And so, if
you've ever found yourself thinking, hey, I just want a quick status
update without jumping between different tools.

**Aakif Shaik:**
我真正关注的问题是，如何让人们，无论是项目经理还是团队中试图获取快速更新的成员，能够更轻松地使用AI驱动的助手来完成这项工作。所以，如果你曾发现自己想，“嘿，我只想快速了解状态，而不想在不同工具之间切换”。

**Aakif Shaik:** Then this one's for you. And so, where we're at on our
current journey is, right at that pilot stage, where we're testing out
use cases.

**Aakif Shaik:**
那么这个就是为你准备的。我们目前的旅程正处于试点阶段，我们正在测试用例。

**Aakif Shaik:** As well as adding additional use cases, and so once we
get to that full functionality, is when we want to move to the full
adoption.

**Aakif Shaik:**
同时也在增加额外的用例，一旦我们实现了全部功能，我们就会转向全面采用。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, going to the demo stage. Here is a little bit
of a walkthrough of what the UI interface looks like for Copilot Studio.

**Aakif Shaik:** 那么，进入演示阶段。这里是Copilot
Studio用户界面（UI）的一个简要介绍。

**Aakif Shaik:** And as you can see here, I'm going to start off by
giving it a simple prompt by asking it, hey, what are the activities
that are currently due this week?

**Aakif Shaik:**
正如你在这里看到的，我将从一个简单的提示开始，问它：“嘿，本周有哪些活动到期？”

**Aakif Shaik:** Right? And so, once I go ahead and do that, you can see
on the left side of the screen that it starts to execute a flow. And so
what this co-pilot agent is currently doing is using Power Automate,
which is integrated with Araha, to pull in information on activities
that are currently due this week.

**Aakif Shaik:**
对吧？一旦我这样做，你可以在屏幕左侧看到它开始执行一个流程。这个Copilot智能体目前正在做的是使用与Aha!集成的Power
Automate，来提取本周到期的活动信息。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, here you go, it's particularly focused on GTM,
which is a go-to market program, and it shows us the names of the
activities due this week, along with their due dates.

**Aakif Shaik:**
好了，它特别关注GTM（Go-to-Market：市场推广）项目，并向我们显示了本周到期的活动名称及其截止日期。

**Aakif Shaik:** And this is great, and so let's say we want to take it
a little bit of a step further and say, hey, how can we go ahead and get
specific details for each of these activities, right? So I'm gonna go
ahead and give it another prompt now, asking it, I want to know the
status of a particular activity.

**Aakif Shaik:**
这很棒，那么让我们再进一步，说：“嘿，我们如何获取每个活动的具体细节？”对吧？所以我现在要给它另一个提示，问它：“我想知道某个特定活动的状态。”

**Aakif Shaik:** So, once again, you can see on the left side there,
it's executing a different flow now, um, which is asking for which
activity would I like to check. And so, I want to give it the name of
that particular activity.

**Aakif Shaik:**
所以，再次，你可以在左侧看到，它现在正在执行一个不同的流程，询问我想检查哪个活动。因此，我要告诉它那个特定活动的名称。

**Aakif Shaik:** And once I do that, that's when it starts to execute a
different flow.

**Aakif Shaik:** 一旦我这样做了，它就会开始执行一个不同的流程。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so now in this flow, the output is going to be
different, because it is going to be focused on this particular activity
and getting us the status updates. So here we go, gives us the name,
what the current status is.

**Aakif Shaik:**
所以现在在这个流程中，输出将会不同，因为它将专注于这个特定的活动并为我们获取状态更新。好了，它给出了名称，当前的状态是什么。

**Aakif Shaik:** What the due date is, as well as who it is assigned to.

**Aakif Shaik:** 截止日期是什么，以及分配给了谁。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, this is what the current functionality of the
agent looks like, and so going a little bit of what's under the hood.

**Aakif Shaik:**
这就是这个智能体当前的功能。现在我们来看看它的内部工作原理。

**Aakif Shaik:** If you want to add additional functionalities, you
essentially add them as topics until you start off with a trigger, and
then a question.

**Aakif Shaik:**
如果你想添加额外的功能，你基本上是将它们作为主题添加，直到你从一个触发器开始，然后是一个问题。

**Aakif Shaik:** And then the action. So this is where you want to
integrate your Power Automate flow with it. And lastly, you have your
output message.

**Aakif Shaik:** 然后是动作。这就是你想要将Power
Automate流程与之集成的地方。最后，你会有你的输出信息。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so the same thing goes, um, you know, for the other
flow as well, which covers what is due this week. And so, this trigger
is really important because this is what the agent uses to differentiate
on what your ask is.

**Aakif Shaik:**
同样地，对于另一个流程也是如此，它涵盖了本周到期的任务。这个触发器非常重要，因为智能体用它来区分你的请求是什么。

**Aakif Shaik:** And so, um, once again, you have your flow, as well as
your final message. And so, for those of you that are curious to see,
you know, what this Power Automate flow looks like, feel free to reach
out, and I'll be happy to give you a walkthrough after this call as
well.

**Aakif Shaik:**
所以，再次，你有你的流程，以及你的最终信息。对于那些好奇想看看这个Power
Automate流程是什么样子的朋友，请随时联系我，我很乐意在这次通话后也给你们做一个演示。

**Aakif Shaik:** So now, moving on to, you know, really talking about
impact, right? And so what this tool really allows teams to do is
transform how they access project updates. So having this AI-powered
assistant allows you to just, you know, minimize the use of switching
over different tools, as well as digging through different dashboards.

**Aakif Shaik:**
现在，我们来谈谈影响，对吧？这个工具真正让团队能够改变他们获取项目更新的方式。拥有这个AI驱动的助手，可以让你减少在不同工具之间切换的次数，以及在不同仪表盘中挖掘信息的麻烦。

**Aakif Shaik:** And actually just be able to get detailed, focused
answers through a simple question.

**Aakif Shaik:** 并且能够通过一个简单的问题获得详细、集中的答案。

**Aakif Shaik:** Now, the lessons learned for me in this journey were
definitely to start small and build iteratively. So following up on what
Dave had said earlier, it was, you know, starting off with a simple use
case, testing out a sample set of data, and continuously building on
that to make sure that it didn't get overwhelmed.

**Aakif Shaik:**
在这次旅程中，我学到的教训绝对是從小處著手，迭代構建。接續Dave之前所說的，就是從一個簡單的用例開始，測試一組樣本數據，並在此基礎上不斷構建，以確保不會不堪重負。

**Aakif Shaik:** And then, you know, getting to the stage where we're
at, where we're working with all of the complex data.

**Aakif Shaik:**
然后，你知道，进入我们现在的阶段，我们正在处理所有复杂的数据。

**Aakif Shaik:** Now, how we can help others at PCC, so teams can
definitely use, um, you know, Copilot agents for various purposes, and
so one thing I can think of would be for the product team to be able to,
you know, build a co-pilot agent that integrates with their product
roadmap, so that teams can get status of where they're at in the entire
product roadmap journey.

**Aakif Shaik:**
现在，我们如何能帮助PCC（PointClickCare）的其他人，团队绝对可以出于各种目的使用Copilot智能体。我能想到的一个例子是，产品团队可以构建一个与他们的产品路线图集成的Copilot智能体，这样团队就能了解他们在整个产品路线图旅程中的进展状态。

**Aakif Shaik:** This can also be useful for teams that use Jira, so be
able to get quick status updates on what the JIRA, um, you know.

**Aakif Shaik:**
这对于使用Jira（一款流行的项目管理和问题跟踪软件）的团队也很有用，可以快速获取Jira的状态更新。

**Aakif Shaik:** Dashboard basically states. And lastly, the responsible
use of AI. So, this project aligns with the responsible AI guidelines.

**Aakif Shaik:**
仪表盘基本上显示了什么。最后，是负责任地使用AI。这个项目符合负责任AI的指导方针。

**Aakif Shaik:** Because it focuses on transparency and user control.
The co-pilot agent that you saw earlier delivers clear information
directly from AHA without actually, you know, making any decisions on
behalf of the user. And it does this accurate information.

**Aakif Shaik:**
因为它注重透明度和用户控制。你之前看到的Copilot智能体直接从Aha!提供清晰的信息，而不会代表用户做出任何决定。它提供的是准确的信息。

**Aakif Shaik:** And make sure that there is no bias in the response as
well, making sure that all of this data is secure. And so with that, I
want to conclude my presentation, um, and thank you.

**Aakif Shaik:**
并确保回应中没有偏见，同时确保所有这些数据的安全。就此，我想结束我的演讲，谢谢大家。

**Marina Stojanovic:** I'm using a Keith. We really appreciate your
presentation, and we'd love to hear from anyone that has any questions
in the Q&A function.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我正在使用一个工具。我们非常感谢您的演讲，并希望在问答环节听到任何人的提问。

**Marina Stojanovic:** For Akiv, I know we're seeing a lot of activity
in the chat as well. We are loving your presentation, Akif. Way to go!

**Marina Stojanovic:**
对于Akif，我知道我们在聊天中也看到了很多活动。我们非常喜欢你的演讲，Akif。干得好！

**Marina Stojanovic:** Great job. All right, so other than saying please
and thank you to your AI robots, we don't really have any questions for
you, Akiv, so thank you, everyone's really excited.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
干得好。好的，除了对你的AI机器人说“请”和“谢谢”之外，我们对你并没有什么问题，Akif，所以谢谢你，大家都很兴奋。

**Marina Stojanovic:** For your use case, and if there are any future
questions for Aki.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 对于你的用例，如果未来有任何关于Aki的问题。

**Marina Stojanovic:** We will be able to take them down and send them
to him directly afterwards. If you think of anything, uh, later.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
我们会记录下来并稍后直接发送给他。如果你稍后想到任何问题。

**Aakif Shaik:** Thank you

**Aakif Shaik:** 谢谢你。

**Marina Stojanovic:** So, I want to turn it over to my… thank you
again. I want to turn it over to my co-host, Kat Canarusa.

**Marina Stojanovic:**
所以，我想把……再次感谢你。我想把话筒交给我的联合主持人，Kat Canarusa。

**Marina Stojanovic:** Take it away.

**Marina Stojanovic:** 请开始吧。

### 主持人互动：AI生成冷笑话

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Thank you, Akif, that was great. Uh, we promise to
keep things moving, um, only occasionally making you question if we are
actually AI-generated avatars.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
谢谢你，Akif，非常棒。我们保证会继续推进，只是偶尔会让你们怀疑我们是否真的是AI生成的虚拟形象。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Spoiler alert, we're not. Um…. If you've just
joined us, please use the QR code on the screen, scan it, and tell us a
little bit about your own AI journey. We'd love to hear from you.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
剧透一下，我们不是。如果你刚刚加入我们，请使用屏幕上的二维码，扫描它，并告诉我们一些关于你自己的AI旅程。我们很想听听你的故事。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So, while we wait for our next presenter, we
thought we'll get you to try a few things in Copilot.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
所以，在等待下一位演讲者的时候，我们想让大家在Copilot里尝试一些东西。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** So please open Copilot on a web browser, and enter
a very.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 所以请在网页浏览器中打开Copilot，并输入一个非常。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Uh, interesting prompt for us. Um, so please ask
Copilot, tell me a dad joke that's actually funny.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
有趣的提示。请问Copilot，给我讲一个真正好笑的冷笑话。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** And when you're done laughing, uh. Please tell us
what the joke was, and what your favorite joke was. I'm sure Copilot is
going to give you quite a few.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
笑完之后，请告诉我们那个笑话是什么，以及你最喜欢的笑话是哪个。我相信Copilot会给你很多选择。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Um, I wanted to share what Copilot said to me. So
here's my dad joke. It was actually really funny. Why did the math book
look sad?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
我想分享一下Copilot对我说的话。这是我的冷笑话。它真的很好笑。为什么数学书看起来很伤心？

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Because it had too many problems. I thought that
was quite funny. Um, what about you, Rusa? What responses did you get?

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
因为它有太多问题了。我觉得那挺好笑的。你呢，Rusa？你得到了什么回应？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** So, I have such mixed feelings on dad jokes and
mom jokes, because I almost never laugh.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我对爸爸笑话和妈妈笑话有很复杂的感情，因为我几乎从不笑。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Uh, mostly I groan when I hear them. Uh, but
the one that I got was, why do dads take an extra pair of socks when
they go golfing?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
大多数时候我听到它们都会呻吟。但我听到的一个是，为什么爸爸们去打高尔夫球时会多带一双袜子？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** In case they get a hole in one. I was like, you
know what? That's pretty amusing, I'll take that, that's not too bad.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 以防他们一杆进洞（hole in
one，双关语，也指袜子上破了个洞）。我就想，你知道吗？这挺有趣的，我接受了，还不错。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Let's see what we're getting in the audience
here. Lots of people. Alright, so I see, why don't skeletons fight each
other? Because they don't have the guts.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
让我们看看观众的反应。很多人。好的，我看到一个：为什么骷髅不互相打架？因为他们没有胆量（guts，双关语，也指内脏）。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Wow, I see so many. Yeah.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 哇，我看到了好多。是的。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** That's a really fun one.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 那真是一个有趣的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** That one made me love! That's a pretty high
bar! Maya also got the golfing joke.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
那个让我爱上了！标准真高！Maya也听到了那个高尔夫笑话。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** A lot of people got the skeletons. What do you
call a factory that makes okay products?

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
很多人都听到了骷髅的笑话。你管一个生产还过得去产品的工厂叫什么？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** A satisfactory. Really, really amazing.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
一个令人满意的工厂（satisfactory，双关语，也指“令人满意的”）。真的，太棒了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** I… I wondered if Pam is on already, and is all set
up?

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我……我想知道Pam是否已经上线，并且一切都准备好了？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes, she is.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 是的，她在了。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Awesome! Pam, take it away! So, next, you welcome
Pam. Our next use case is on Gainsight, being presented by Pam from
Customer Success. Over to you, Pam.

**Ketki Yennemadi:**
太棒了！Pam，请开始吧！接下来，欢迎Pam。我们的下一个用例是关于Gainsight的，由客户成功团队的Pam来介绍。交给你了，Pam。

### 用例2：Pam Martin - Gainsight中的AI应用

**Hazelle Florencio:** I am! Hi!

**Hazelle Florencio:** 我在！嗨！

**Hazelle Florencio:** Terrific! Thank you. I'll start with, can you see
me?

**Hazelle Florencio:** 太棒了！谢谢你。我先问一下，你能看到我吗？

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** We can see you, although you're showing up as
Hazel, but we're just gonna have you double as Hazel today.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:**
我们能看到你，虽然你显示的名字是Hazel，但今天我们就让你兼任Hazel吧。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** We can. Yep.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 我们可以。是的。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Oh, there you go! Here's Tom again! All right.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 哦，好了！Tom又来了！好的。

**Pam Martin:** Well, it's a compliment, really, so…. Okay, terrific.
I'm going to share my screen here, and we'll make sure that that works.

**Pam Martin:**
嗯，这其实是一种赞美，所以……好的，太棒了。我现在要分享我的屏幕，确保它能正常工作。

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** Yes! Over to you.

**Auroosa Kazmi-Ishaq:** 好的！交给你了。

**Pam Martin:** Let me know when you can see that. Oh, here we go.

**Pam Martin:** 当你能看到的时候告诉我。哦，好了。

**Pam Martin:** Okay, can you see my screen okay? Terrific! Well, thank
you, everyone. Uh, as mentioned, my name is Pam Martin, not Hazel.

**Pam Martin:**
好的，你能清楚地看到我的屏幕吗？太棒了！谢谢大家。如前所述，我叫Pam
Martin，不是Hazel。

**Ketki Yennemadi:** Yep! Yeah, we can see it now.

**Ketki Yennemadi:** 是的！是的，我们现在能看到了。

**Pam Martin:** Um, and I am a director in customer success. Today, I'm
going to talk to you about Gainsight.

**Pam Martin:**
我是客户成功部门的一名总监。今天，我要和大家谈谈Gainsight（一款客户成功管理平台）。

**Pam Martin:** Gainsight is a platform used by customer success to help
manage the post-sales relationship, and today we're going to talk to you
a little bit about how we're using that to uncover risk and trends in
our.

**Pam Martin:**
Gainsight是客户成功团队用来帮助管理售后关系的一个平台，今天我们将和大家谈谈我们如何利用它来发现我们客户群中的风险和趋势。

**Pam Martin:** Customer base. So, for those of you who don't know what
customer success is, it provides strategic guidance and expertise to
accelerate customer outcomes.

**Pam Martin:**
客户群。对于那些不知道什么是客户成功的人来说，它提供战略指导和专业知识，以加速客户成果的实现。

**Pam Martin:** And realize the vision and value of the point-click care
platform. Those are fancy words for. We have deep.

**Pam Martin:**
并实现PointClickCare平台的愿景和价值。这些华丽的辞藻背后，是我们与客户建立了深厚的关系。

**Pam Martin:** Relationships with our customers, we meet with them on a
regular basis to help ensure that they are realizing value, so they want
to be customers, stay with us forever, and that we're discovering
opportunities with them.

**Pam Martin:**
我们与客户保持着密切关系，定期与他们会面，以确保他们正在实现价值，从而愿意成为我们的客户，永远与我们在一起，并且我们与他们一起发现机会。

**Pam Martin:** To help them achieve their goals. And, uh, and us
discover how we have other products that can help them achieve that.

**Pam Martin:**
帮助他们实现目标。并且，我们也能发现我们有哪些其他产品可以帮助他们实现这些目标。

**Pam Martin:** So, how AI is helping us today, it's saving us time,
it's providing a holistic account insight.

**Pam Martin:**
那么，今天AI是如何帮助我们的呢？它为我们节省了时间，提供了全面的客户洞察。

**Pam Martin:** And also trends across all customers. So, Gainsight
itself is the core platform, and we have a lot of other platforms that
feed information into it that help give us a holistic insight into our
customers and what's happening with them.

**Pam Martin:**
以及所有客户的趋势。Gainsight本身是核心平台，我们还有许多其他平台向其提供信息，帮助我们全面了解我们的客户以及他们的情况。

**Pam Martin:** So the first one I'm going to dig into here is the Gong
integration.

**Pam Martin:** 我要深入探讨的第一个是Gong（一款对话智能平台）的集成。

**Pam Martin:** Gong itself creates a summary of action items and
automated notes.

**Pam Martin:** Gong本身会创建行动项摘要和自动化笔记。

**Pam Martin:** Um, this populates directly into, um, Gainsight. Saving
CSMs time, because they don't have to do that, allowing them to be more
present in their meetings, and those action items can be converted right
to tasks.

**Pam Martin:**
这会直接填充到Gainsight中。为客户成功经理（CSM）节省了时间，因为他们不必再做这件事，让他们能更专注于会议，而这些行动项可以直接转换为任务。

**Pam Martin:** Making it easy for them to follow up. On the right-hand
side here, you're going to see AI-generated sentiment.

**Pam Martin:** 方便他们跟进。在右侧，你会看到AI生成的情绪分析。

**Pam Martin:** And that's really cool, because it really goes through
the automated notes and picks up the overall sentiment, removing any
bias that people might have about how they felt that conversation went.

**Pam Martin:**
这真的很酷，因为它会真正地分析自动化笔记并捕捉整体情绪，消除了人们可能对谈话感受的任何偏见。

**Pam Martin:** So good insight for the team. The next one we're going
to chat about briefly here is drafting emails with Copilot. Hopefully,
everyone is doing this today already.

**Pam Martin:**
这对团队来说是很好的洞察。接下来我们要简要讨论的是用Copilot起草邮件。希望大家今天已经开始这样做了。

**Pam Martin:** But it really helps take that idea, make it concise,
make it, um, land better with customers, and really elevate it.

**Pam Martin:**
但它确实有助于将想法变得简洁，让客户更容易接受，并真正提升其水平。

**Pam Martin:** While we're in, um, Copilot with, um, Outlook, we also
have the ability to leverage Gainsight Assist to take those emails that
we're drafting and put them right into timeline. And we're going to talk
in a second here about why timeline is so important to us.
