---
title: "Tom Lee投资策略问答报告 Part 2"
layout: "post.njk"  
date: "2025-07-05"
tags:
  - "视频笔记"
  - "投资策略"
  - "美股"
  - "特朗普"
  - "科技股"
  - "中美关系"
data:
  author: "Lei"
  podcast_program: ""
  speaker: ""
  guest: "Tom Lee" 
  source: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIDEO_ID_HERE"
---

# Tom Lee投资策略问答报告 Part 2

## 问：如何看待特朗普当选对股市的影响？Granny Shots ETF的选股和调仓逻辑是怎样的？

**Tom Lee:** Thank you for the question. Uh first, if you make
investment decisions because of who's president, you're never going to
make money because, and we've written about this, as much as we think
presidents change the stock market, they have very little impact. So if
you don't like Trump, that should not prevent you from buying US stocks.
Okay. Otherwise, not only do you have Trump derangement syndrome, but
you'll have stock market derangement syndrome. Um, in terms of granny,
we don't pick stocks based on an index, what we do is we list the seven
most important themes in the market. And those themes are things like
labor shortage which leads to automation, cyber security, energy
security, millennials, the importance of millennials, monetary policy
and sort of the manufacturing cycle. So we look at things that really
have multipleyear drivers and we focus on the most important stocks in
each. We rebalance this every 3 months so we're not trading it a lot and
we remove stocks like we recently removed Accenture which is a an IT
consulting company but really that company was dependent on government
spending. You know, most uh IT companies like McKenzie and Accenture
benefit from government spending and when the government spending Doge
starts to scrutinize costs, that's why those stocks do poorly. So we um
we almost removed FICO from the granny shots because uh the FHA had is
trying to cut the fees that FICO receives for scores, but we decided
that was more of a threat than an actual risk. So I I think in granny
we're not trading it very much. I think that's been our advantage
because when when um Tesla was under pressure and do you remember how
many people were saying Elon has to leave the White House? We were
arguing that that was a buying opportunity and remember Tesla was went
to 214. It might have gone to 176 but now it's back to 330. So imagine
if you had Trump derangement syndrome. You sold Tesla at 200 and you
missed out on 120 point rise in Tesla.

**Tom Lee:**
谢谢提问。首先，如果你因为谁当总统来做投资决策，那你永远也赚不到钱。因为，我们曾撰文分析过，尽管我们认为总统会改变股市，但实际上他们的影响微乎其微。所以，如果你不喜欢特朗普，这不应该成为你买入美股的阻碍。否则，你不仅会患上“**特朗普精神错乱综合症**（Trump
Derangement
Syndrome：一个政治术语，用来形容对特朗普非理性的负面反应）”，还会患上“股市精神错乱综合症”。

关于**Granny Shots
ETF**，我们不是基于某个指数来选股，而是列出市场中最重要的七个主题。这些主题包括：劳动力短缺（这会推动自动化）、网络安全、能源安全、千禧一代的重要性、货币政策以及制造业周期。我们关注的是那些真正具有多年驱动力的因素，并聚焦于每个主题中最重要的股票。

我们每三个月进行一次调仓，所以交易并不频繁。我们也会移除一些股票，比如最近我们移除了**埃森哲（Accenture）**，这是一家IT咨询公司，但它非常依赖政府支出。你知道，大多数IT公司，像**麦肯锡（McKenzie）**和埃森哲，都受益于政府支出。当政府开始严格审查开支时，这些股票的表现就会很差。我们之前也差点把**FICO**（美国个人消费信用评估公司，其FICO评分是美国最常用的信用评分）从组合中移除，因为**FHA（美国联邦住房管理局）**试图削减FICO因提供信用评分而收取的费用，但我们最终认为这更多是一种威胁，而非实际风险。

所以，我们在Granny
Shots上的交易并不多，我认为这正是我们的优势。当特斯拉承压时，你还记得有多少人说马斯克必须离开白宫吗？我们当时的观点是，那是一个买入机会。记住，特斯拉股价曾跌至214美元，甚至可能到过176美元，但现在回到了330美元。想象一下，如果你有“特朗普精神错乱综合症”，在200美元时卖掉了特斯拉，你就错过了特斯拉120美元的涨幅。

## 问：您昨天在电视节目中提到市场可能会盘整，能详细解释一下吗？

**Tom Lee:** Um, Thank you for the question. Yes, yesterday uh on 3Pro
TV I was explaining that it wouldn't surprise me if the stock market
needed to consolidate. A consolidation means that it's not obvious that
we go straight up. Number one, we just gained 25% in 8 weeks. So we
can't continue to go up at that rate. The second is that the US is
considering intervening in the Israeli Iran war and we know that there's
this view about wars which is you quote sell the invasion. Okay. So
meaning markets get nervous as war talk rises but you buy the invasion.
So like when the US makes the decision to intervene now that could be
dropping bombs or supporting but entering the actual conflict that's
when stocks will actually likely rise because investors have been
worried about it. So we consolidate into that event. And the third, of
course, is that Fed Sher Powell just told everybody inflation's going to
rise this summer. So anybody who's been sitting on cash is going to say,
"I can't buy stocks until after the summer because the Fed told me
there's inflation." So investors are going to wait. So those are the
reasons why I think the market consolidates. But that shouldn't prevent
you from buying stocks because let's say that you believe that at the
start of this week. Well, Palanteer, Tesla, Circle all did really well.
I mean, Circle started the week at I think it started the week at like
130 and it's 240. So plenty of stocks can still go up.

**Tom Lee:** 谢谢提问。是的，昨天我在3Pro
TV上解释说，如果股市需要盘整，我不会感到意外。**盘整（Consolidation）**意味着市场不会明显地直线上涨。原因有几点：第一，我们在8周内刚刚上涨了25%，不可能持续以这个速度上涨。第二，美国正在考虑介入以色列与伊朗的战争。我们知道关于战争有一种观点，就是“卖出入侵消息，买入入侵事实”。这意味着，随着战争言论升温，市场会变得紧张，但当入侵真正发生时，你反而应该买入。比如，当美国做出介入决定，无论是投掷炸弹还是提供支持，即真正进入冲突时，股市实际上很可能会上涨，因为投资者对此已经担忧了一段时间。所以市场会在这个事件发生前进行盘整。第三，当然是美联储主席鲍威尔刚刚告诉大家，今年夏天通胀将会上升。所以任何持币观望的人都会说：“我得等到夏天过后才能买股票，因为美联储说了有通胀。”因此，投资者会选择等待。这些就是我认为市场会盘整的原因。但这不应妨碍你买入股票，因为就算你这周初相信了这些，你看，Palantir、特斯拉、Circle都表现得非常好。Circle这周开盘时大概是130美元，现在是240美元。所以，仍然有很多股票可以上涨。

## 问：Fundstrat内部是如何应用AI的？

**Tom Lee:** Um, Fundstrap has changed a lot over the last 10 years.
When we started our company, it was purely research and uh that meant we
had old-fashioned research analysts that went to the library, put
together models, um we surveyed clients. But today, uh some it's almost
20% of our research team, maybe 25% are software engineers. So we've
changed our company to ingest a lot more data and using data science and
I know now within our own company we're using machine learning and AI uh
natively to do things like customer service uh data mining even actually
we're experimenting with um advertisements using AI AI. So using VO to
do uh even potentially create um AI influencers that talk about
different parts of our business. So we're using it, but uh I don't think
we'll be using it to write our research or to find research ideas
because we've already tinkered with that. And what we find that it does
is it copies what everybody else does. So it's not original. So if you
have a function that you're trying to be unique and original that
creates value, it's probably not an AI product. But if you're trying to
replace something that's really repetitive and you want someone to do it
better without being tired of doing it, then that's where our AI
actually is really useful.

**Tom Lee:**
在过去十年里，Fundstrat发生了很大的变化。我们公司刚成立时，纯粹是做研究，这意味着我们有传统的研究分析师，他们去图书馆查资料，建立模型，对客户进行调查。但如今，我们研究团队中接近20%，甚至25%的成员是软件工程师。我们已经改变了公司模式，以处理更多的数据，并应用数据科学。现在在我们公司内部，我们原生化地使用机器学习和AI来处理客户服务、数据挖掘等事务。我们甚至在尝试使用AI来制作广告，比如用**VO（Voice
Over：人工智能配音技术）**，甚至可能创建**AI虚拟网红（AI
Influencers）**来谈论我们业务的不同方面。

所以我们确实在用AI，但我不认为我们会用它来撰写研究报告或寻找研究思路，因为我们已经尝试过了。我们发现AI所做的，只是复制其他所有人的做法，缺乏原创性。因此，如果你想创造一个独特、原创并能产生价值的功能，那可能不是一个AI产品能胜任的。但如果你想替代一些非常重复性的工作，并希望有人能做得更好且不会感到厌倦，那么AI就非常有用。

## 问：您的投资哲学是基于乐观还是悲观？

**Tom Lee:** Um, well, I think people think I'm optimistic, but if
anyone actually follows our research, especially over the last 35 years,
they realize that we're actually very paranoid. So, we tend to identify
things that are going to disrupt other people. I mean, I'll give you an
example. Tesla is a stock we liked because we thought it was going to be
very bad for the auto industry, right? So, there's winners and losers.
Um, Nvidia has actually made Intel obsolete. So what really is our
strength as a company is that it's not that we're optimistic. We've been
on the right side of disruption. I mean, you know what I mean? Like if
someone was advocating for Intel, they're not only are they wrong, but
they probably would be angry this whole time and bearish because Intel's
been a bad stock. Uh but we didn't waste our time telling people to buy
Intel. Uh I think Bitcoin is a huge hedge because and again we have
advocated for Bitcoin because it is a bet against fiat currencies. So
we've been bearish on fiat because everything denominating Bitcoin has
gone down in value, you know. Um so I think people confuse the fact that
we're optimistic. The reality is we've been on the right side of
history.

**Tom Lee:**
我想大家认为我很乐观，但如果有人真正关注我们的研究，特别是过去35年的研究，他们会意识到我们其实非常“偏执”。我们倾向于识别那些将要颠覆其他事物的东西。我举个例子，我们喜欢特斯拉这只股票，因为我们认为它对传统汽车行业来说将是毁灭性的，对吧？所以总有赢家和输家。再比如，英伟达实际上已经让英特尔变得过时了。

因此，我们公司真正的优势并不在于我们乐观，而在于我们一直站在了“颠覆”的正确一边。你明白我的意思吗？如果有人一直在鼓吹英特尔，他们不仅是错的，而且可能一直很愤怒和悲观，因为英特尔一直是一只糟糕的股票。但我们没有浪费时间去建议人们买英特尔。

我认为比特币是一个巨大的对冲工具。我们之所以倡导比特币，是因为它押注于**法定货币（fiat
currencies：由政府发行、没有内在价值、仅靠政府信用支撑的货币）**的贬值。我们一直看空法定货币，因为以比特币计价的所有东西都在贬值。所以，人们可能误解了我们的乐观。现实是，我们只是站在了历史正确的一边。

## 问：对于特斯拉等科技巨头，未来五年您预见到的最大风险是什么？它们该如何应对？

**Host:** My question is on Tesla specifically right. Oh yeah I mostly
in invest in Tesla but including all the industry like the big tech
industry in general if you could see those something some risk then
foreseeable risk.

**主持人:**
我的问题主要是关于特斯拉的，但也可以扩展到整个大型科技行业。如果您能看到一些可预见的风险，想听听您的看法。

**Tom Lee:** Well, so the biggest risk to Tesla, like if you would,
let's say that you own Tesla and you've made a lot of money in it. The
biggest risk to you is if there's another Tesla coming, right? And so
what is Tesla today? One, they have fanatical customer loyalty. I mean,
fanatical cuz does anybody here drive a Tesla? Okay. I'd say people who
own a Tesla tell you it's very it is not even like owning a car. It's
like owning a smart assistant, you know, it's that good. And we know
Tesla is already making a push into robots and integrating AI. I mean,
pretty much no American company is even doing this. Like Apple's not
Apple can't do it because Apple doesn't make a car. Apple just makes a
smartphone uh or a watch and headphones. The risk to Tesla is if Chinese
cars in America match the reputation Tesla has. I think Chinese electric
cars, some of them are better than a Tesla, but I don't think they
deliver the Tesla experience for people. So, it's like chocolate. Like
Hershey's is Hershey's. Okay. And then someone makes like a Mars
chocolate bar and it might be technically better, but it doesn't mean
they're going to take over Hershey. So, I think you should only worry
about Tesla if there's another Tesla coming. I don't think you should
worry about Tesla just because they'll sell BYD cars in America. Even if
it's cheaper, it doesn't change people's attachment to Tesla. And that's
the same thing with Nvidia. You should sell Nvidia if there's another
Nvidia coming. But how is someone going to replace Nvidia? They're in
all the data centers. They have CUDA, you know, they have Jensen Wong.
The smartest people when they graduate college, they don't apply for a
job at AMD, you know, they want to get a job at Nvidia. Until that
changes, you know, no one can touch them. So, that's the way to think of
it. Like, who is a threat to Nvidia is another Nvidia. And if there's no
other Nvidia, then you stick with Nvidia.

**Tom Lee:**
好的。对特斯拉最大的风险，假如你持有特斯拉并且赚了很多钱，最大的风险就是出现另一个特斯拉，对吧？今天的特斯拉是什么？第一，他们拥有狂热的客户忠诚度。在座有谁开特斯拉吗？好的。我想拥有特斯拉的人会告诉你，这甚至不像拥有一辆车，更像是拥有一个智能助手，就是那么好。

我们知道特斯拉已经在进军机器人领域并整合AI，几乎没有其他美国公司在做这件事。比如苹果就做不到，因为它不造车，只造智能手机、手表和耳机。特斯拉的风险在于，如果美国的中国汽车能拥有与特斯拉相媲美的声誉。我认为一些中国电动车在技术上比特斯拉更好，但我不认为它们能为人们提供特斯拉那样的体验。这就像巧克力，好时（Hershey's）就是好时。然后有人做了个玛氏（Mars）巧克力棒，技术上可能更好，但这不意味着他们能取代好时。所以，你只有在出现另一个特斯拉时才需要担心。我不认为你应该因为**比亚迪（BYD）**在美国卖车就担心特斯拉，即使它更便宜，也无法改变人们对特斯拉的情感依恋。

对英伟达也是同样的道理。你应该在出现另一个英伟达时卖掉它。但怎么会有人能取代英伟达呢？他们遍布所有数据中心，他们有**CUDA**（英伟达推出的并行计算平台和编程模型），有**黄仁勋（Jensen
Huang）**。最聪明的人大学毕业后，不会去申请**AMD**（一家与英伟达竞争的半导体公司）的工作，他们想去英伟达。除非这一点改变，否则没人能撼动他们。所以，你应该这样思考：对英伟达的威胁是另一个英伟达。如果没有另一个英伟达，那你就继续持有英伟达。

## 问：如何看待中美关系和关税谈判对市场的影响？

**Tom Lee:** The US and China have been at war with each other for more
than the past decade. So nothing this year is really that different than
the battles that have been underway for the last 20 years. Both
countries are competing to be the dominant economic and military power,
right? It used to be Russia and the US and Russia collapsed. So now it's
China and the US and they play by different rules and they're trying to
hurt each other by restricting uh imports and exports. China's ahead in
AI. You can't really change that by restricting Nvidia chips. US has a
better tech culture. So do I think anything in 2025 has changed the
dynamic? I think it's that's what the media and all these experts want
you to believe that somehow the tariff negotiations are going to change
everything forever. Does that even make sense? I don't think we should
put that much weight on the tariffs because I don't think it changes
anything because everyone's going to either cheat or find it, you know,
or it's not going to last. So I I know that it dominates headlines and
people have told you it matters a lot. Did you make but personally ask
yourself did you make a better investment decision this year because you
made a trade based on the tariff war. Right? It probably made you make a
bad decision. Chinese stocks did fine anyways you know because of the
tariff war.

**Tom Lee:**
美国和中国在过去十多年里一直处于战争状态。所以，今年的情况与过去20年来的争斗并无本质不同。两国都在竞争成为主导的经济和军事强国，对吧？过去是俄罗斯和美国，俄罗斯崩溃了。现在是中国和美国，他们遵循不同的规则，试图通过限制进出口来互相伤害。中国在AI领域领先，你无法通过限制英伟达芯片来真正改变这一点。美国有更好的科技文化。那么，我认为2025年有什么改变了这种态势吗？我认为媒体和所有专家都想让你相信，关税谈判会永远改变一切。但这说得通吗？

我不认为我们应该过分看重关税，因为它改变不了任何事。因为大家要么会作弊，要么会找到变通的方法，或者它根本不会持久。我知道这件事占据了新闻头条，人们也告诉你它很重要。但请扪心自问，你今年因为基于关税战做了交易，从而做出了更好的投资决策吗？很可能你做出了一个糟糕的决定。尽管有贸易战，中国股市不也表现得很好吗？

## 问：您对智能手机和苹果的未来怎么看？

**Tom Lee:** Um, I used to be a wireless analyst. So I followed the
industry for 14 years. Um so I I I know the companies very well. Um the
smartphone I think has a lot of staying power because what it is is it's
a mobile computer um that you carry with you that isn't going to be
disrupted by glasses, you know, but glasses is another input device
because it's taking in visual information and it's allowing you to
interact, but it can't have the battery power and the visual and the
computation and the apps. So, I think smartphones are still mobile until
you get it in implanted in your body or something. Um, but there might
be more growth in a smartphone that's in a robot, you know, like maybe
we'll all have a robot and that's where like Is Apple going to be
involved in that business? So that is what you have to ask yourself in
the future. Maybe more devices are in a companion robot that you tell it
to fetch you things and get you things. And that's the evolution of
smartphones. Um so I think Apple's fine. You know, um they're always
late. You know, they entered the mobile business in 2007 and Nokia
dominated mobile phones from 1996 to 2007. So 14 years Nokia was the
king and Apple entered it in 2007 and then Nokia went bankrupt like you
know in two years. So Apple can be late you know with AI. I think
Apple's, you know, AI is going to deflate at some point because AI is
creating its own destruction. You know, it's quickly becoming a
commodity.

**Tom Lee:**
我曾经是一名无线行业分析师，跟踪这个行业长达14年，所以我对这些公司非常了解。我认为智能手机具有很强的生命力，因为它本质上是一台你随身携带的移动电脑。它不会被智能眼镜这样的设备颠覆。眼镜只是另一种输入设备，它接收视觉信息并允许你互动，但它无法拥有智能手机的电池续航、视觉效果、计算能力和应用程序生态。所以，我认为智能手机在被植入你身体之类的东西出现之前，仍将是移动计算的主流。

但是，未来的增长点可能在于机器人体内的“智能手机”。比如，也许我们未来都会有一个机器人，那才是苹果需要思考是否要涉足的业务。未来，更多的设备可能会集成在一个伴侣机器人中，你让它为你取物办事。这就是智能手机的演变方向。

所以我认为苹果没问题。他们总是姗姗来迟。他们2007年才进入移动业务，而诺基亚从1996年到2007年主导了手机市场14年。苹果2007年进入，然后诺基亚在两年内就破产了。所以，苹果在AI领域迟到也无妨。我认为AI在某个时候会退潮，因为它正在自我毁灭，正迅速商品化。

## 问：您对医疗保健行业的看法是什么？

**Host:** I'd like to hear your opinion on the healthcare sector. I
understand that the current return of the healthcare sector is a little
bit low in US market, and I would appreciate it if if you could share
your own for the healthcare sector in the second half of PC.

**主持人:**
我想听听您对医疗保健行业的看法。据我了解，目前该行业在美股市场的回报率较低，希望您能分享一下对下半年该行业的展望。

**Tom Lee:** Um we've have been neutral on healthcare for several years
and in 2025 our view is healthcare is a sector where the PE multiple
will probably go down for two reasons. One is of course RFK um is head
of HHS and he is a notorious uh anti-healthcare industry person. You
mean the Kennedy the minister, right? Yeah. Yes. He's a cabinet, you
know, basically the head of US government healthcare and uh because of
Doge government cuts are really targeting some of the excess in um
healthc care spending. So, I think it's a headwind that makes it
difficult to own those stocks. And maybe 2026 could be different, but
between now and end of the year, I I'm not that optimistic.

**Tom Lee:**
我们对医疗保健行业持中立看法已经好几年了。在2025年，我们的观点是，医疗保健行业的市盈率（PE
multiple）可能会下降，原因有二。其一，当然是**小罗伯特·F·肯尼迪（RFK
Jr.）**担任了**卫生与公众服务部（HHS）**的部长，而他是一个臭名昭著的反医疗保健行业人士。是的，他作为内阁成员，基本上是美国政府医疗保健部门的负责人。其二，由于政府削减开支，确实在针对医疗保健支出中的一些过度部分。所以，我认为这是一个逆风，使得持有这些股票变得困难。也许2026年情况会有所不同，但从现在到年底，我并不那么乐观。
